Not all those who wander are lost.
Don't force it, get a larger hammer. 
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. 
Vision without action is daydream. Action without vision is nightmare... 
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. 
The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them. 
Keep on going and the chances are you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I have never heard of anyone stumbling on something sitting down. 
If you want to test your memory, try to recall what you were worrying about one year ago today. 
You gotta commit. You've gotta go out there and improvise and you've gotta be completely unafraid to die. You've got to be able to take a chance to die. And you have to die lots. You have to die all the time. 
Your fears, your critics, your heroes, your villains: They are fictions you perceive as reality. Choose to see through them. Choose to let them go. 
Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get. 
The tennis ball doesn't know how old I am. The ball doesn't know if I'm a man or a woman or if I come from a communist country or not. Sport has always broken down these barriers. 
The human mind and body are truly extraordinary. They are the quintessence of excellence in motion. We talk, touch, see, hear, taste, smell, and feel. We dream, aspire, and become. All that we are is mind and body and spirit that is our universe. 
Meaning is something you build into your life. You build it out of your own past, out of your affections and loyalties, out of the experience of humankind as it is passed on to you … You are the only one who can put them together into that unique pattern that will be your life. 
Vulnerability is not winning or losing; it's having the courage to show up and be seen when we have no control over the outcome. 
I always advise people don't wait! Do something when you are young, when you have no responsibilities. Invest time in yourself to have great experiences that are going to enrich you. 
Time to improve is limited. The clock is always on and doesn't care if you don't feel like it. Someone else does and they're passing you by. 
The difference between common sense and paranoia is that common sense is thinking everyone is out to get you. That's normal they are. Paranoia is thinking that they're conspiring. 
That's the one good thing about regret: it's never too late. You can always change tomorrow if you want to. 
Successful people appear to be traveling along one continual, successful road. What is not apparent is the perseverance it takes following each defeat to keep you on that road. No one I know of has ever experienced one success after another without defeats, failures, disappointments, and frustrations galore along the way. Learning to overcome those times of agony is what separates the winners from the losers. 
On and on, like we're living on a broken record. Hope is strong, but misery's a little quicker. Sit and we wait and we drown there. Thinking why bother play when it's unfair. They say life's a waste. I say they lack belief. They tell me luck will travel. I tell them that's why I got feet. Left, right, left, right. Moving along to the pulse of a heartbeat. This could be the last chance you have to fly. Do you like the ground? Want it to pass you by? Man you had it all when you were just a kid. Or do you even remember who you were back then? What do you want in life? Will you be twice as strong? What would you sacrifice? What are you waiting on? Don't stop. March on.
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us. 
It is easy to sit up and take notice, what is difficult is getting up and taking action. 
Stress is like a pulse if you have it you are alive. 
In spite of everything I shall rise again: I will take up my pencil, which I have forsaken in my great discouragement, and I will go on with my drawing. 
Feeling grateful to or appreciative of someone or something in your life actually attracts more of the things that you appreciate and value into your life. 
You will never win if you never begin. 
If you go outside at night, After the world has gone to sleep, You can hear the planet sigh, Under the secrets it can't keep, And the wind sings different tunes, To all the ones you hear by day, As though it's choking on the words, That we're all too afraid to say, And I wonder at the problems, We've tried to melt inside its core, Whether it's packed so close to bursting, That it can't hold many more, For how can we see its weakness, When we've not known something so strong, And if it weeps and we can't hear it, Does that mean there's nothing wrong? 
It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about. 
When you recover or discover something that nourishes your soul and brings joy, care enough about yourself to make room for it in your life. 
Your greatness is revealed not by the lights that shine upon you, but by the light that shines within you. 
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings. Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees. The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop away from you like the leaves of Autumn. 
If you don't have confidence, you'll always find a way not to win. 
He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster. And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee. 
Most of the trouble in the world is caused by people wanting to be important. 
Falling in love is a lot like dying. You never get to do it enough to become good at it.
The surest way to remain a winner is to win once, and then not play any more.
I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!
Just remember, wherever you go, there you are. 
Five seven and five are the syllable tallies in proper haiku.
A new idea is delicate. It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn; it can be stabbed to death by a quip and worried to death by a frown on the right man's brow. 
Don't force it, get a larger hammer. 
A man can suffer to bring a group of people to success, not the other way. 
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or very bad acts. All depends on the principles which direct them. 
Immortality a fate worse than death. 
Every time you manage to close the door on reality, it comes in through the window. 
Time flies like an arrow.  Fruit flies like a banana. 
Etiquette is for those with no breeding; fashion for those with no taste. 
The most important things, each person must do for himself. 
In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. Find the fun and snap! The job's a game. And every task you undertake, becomes a piece of cake, a lark, a spree; it's very clear to see. 
It's better to be quotable than to be honest. 
We're not talking about the same thing, he said. For you the world is weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious, unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous desert, in this marvelous time.  I wanted to convince you that you must learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it. 
I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it. 
What I like most about myself is that I'm so understanding when I mess things up. 
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on, so I woke up from sheer boredom.
Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand. 
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost. 
If you don't give up, you still have a chance. And when you are small, you have to be very focused and rely on your brain, not your strength. 
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.  Therefore you have few friends. 
Kliban's First Law of Dining: Never eat anything bigger than your head. 
If you want to know what god thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to. 
We don't have to do all of it alone. We were never meant to. 
When you win, say nothing. When you lose, say less. 
All men should strive to learn before they die, what they are running from, and to, and why. 
Envy of other people shows how they are unhappy. Their continual attention to the behavior of others shows how they are boring. 
We don't know who we are until we see what we can do. 
To fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult; our human loneliness is cause enough. But it is a hard quest worth making to find a comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be. 
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. You cannot escape the results of your thoughts. 
I keep asking myself these three questions: What do you have? What do you want? What will you give up? 
When things go well, expect something to explode, erode, collapse or just disappear. 
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do. 
There are two ways of constructing a software design.  One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. 
I'm going to live forever, or die trying! 
Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies. 
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. 
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better. 
Winning is nice if you don't lose your integrity in the process. 
The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job. 
There's such a thin line between winning and losing. 
Stop complaining. Start creating. 
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning. 
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more in imagination than in reality. 
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too. 
When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully. When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light. When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it. When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway. When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back. When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some. When you're feeling tired, dare to keep going. When times are tough, dare to be tougher. When love hurts you, dare to love again. When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal. When another is lost, dare to help them find the way. When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand. When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile. When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too. When the day has ended, dare to feel as you've done your best. Dare to be the best you can. At all times, dare to be! 
If you like what you do, and you're lucky enough to be good at it, do it for that reason. 
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting. 
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit. 
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. 
A wise man never loses anything, if he has himself. 
Those who know how to win are much more numerous than those who know how to make proper use of their victories. 
You can get totally messed up trying to please everyone with what you do, but ultimately, you have to please yourself. 
Maybe it's a little depressing to think that my vision of a perfect world is actually so messed up, but I think it means that I don't really understand what perfect is. 
But human beings fall easily into despair, and from the very beginning we invented stories that enabled us to place our lives in a larger setting, that revealed an underlying pattern, and gave us a sense that, against all the depressing and chaotic evidence to the contrary, life had meaning and value. 
What may seem depressing or even tragic to one person may seem like an absolute scream to another person, especially if he has had between four and seven beers. 
You can either look at things in a brutal, truthful way that's depressing, or you can screw around and have fun. 
It's depressing and scary, but he needs to know the world around him because he's fourteen now and in two years he's going to drive. He needs to know what goes on out in the world. I'm not going to always be there. 
It just seems to me that the world's kind of a mess, and the more messy it gets, the more interested I am in escapist fare. Having a good time is something that isn't about the war in Iraq or the Asian flu or the Kyoto protocol things that are horribly depressing to consider in our real lives. I'm eager to get away from them. 
I try not to be too optimistic or pessimistic. If you're a pessimist then that's depressing all the time; if you're an optimist and things don't work out then that's depressing, too. 
I always find the most depressing stuff most interesting. 
I would dearly love to resist the temptation, if you can call it that, to worry. It's boring, it's anti-social, it's unproductive and it's depressing. 
All too much of the man-made is ugly, inefficient, depressing chaos. 
Nobody gets excited about the future at all, ever. The future is something we find depressing and worrisome. 
Every so often, we all gaze into the abyss. It's a depressing fact of life that eventually the clock expires; eventually the sand in the hourglass runs out. It's the leaving behind of everything that matters to us that hurts the most. 
When you meet someone, of course you want it to last forever. It'd be very depressing if you didn't feel that way. But things change, and you maybe grow apart. You have to accept that. 
With sad, depressing predictability, the children of today's underclass become tomorrow's criminals and dropouts. 
A lot of time, people enter the most depressing situations, and they are the funniest people on Earth, because they have to be. It's a coping mechanism. 
One of the depressing things one realizes as one gets older is how much of one's tastes and attitudes are simply products of economic circumstance at the time. 
I'm just trying to say that it should reassure us that the inevitable traumas of being human do end up producing some good. Otherwise, the human condition is overwhelmingly depressing. 
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose. 
Cause change and lead; accept change and survive; resist change and die. 
Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure. 
I know for sure that what we dwell on is who we become. 
Once a man has made a commitment to a way of life, he puts the greatest strength in the world behind him. It's something we call heart power. Once a man has made his commitment, nothing will stop him short of success. 
To teach is to learn.
I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused. 
They don't know how the world is shaped.  And so they give it a shape, and try to make everything fit it.  They separate the right from the left, the man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon. They only want to count to two.
All we are given is possibilities to make ourselves one thing or another. 
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven. 
If you can consciously let yourself get taken and see where you go, that's an exercise. That's discipline. To follow the scent. Let yourself go and see what happens, that takes a bit of courage. 
Getting over it doesn't mean forgetting it. It just means reducing the pain to a tolerable level, a level that doesn't destroy you. 
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game. 
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book. 
Fire does not matter, earth and air and water do not matter. I do not matter.  No word matters. But man forgets reality and remembers words. The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him. He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time. Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he knows them in the naming.  
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. 
You mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
Language shapes the way we think, and determines what we can think about. 
Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat. 
Put no trust in cryptic comments.
Some people have one of those days.  I've had one of those lives.
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
Don't speak about time, until you have spoken to him.
Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of those who govern. The machinery of government is always subordinate to the will of those who administer that machinery.  The most important element of government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. 
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet. 
The opulence of the front office door varies inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm. 
Whenever anyone says, theoretically, they really mean, not really.
There are many intelligent species in the universe, and they all own cats. 
Doctors and bartenders get the same two kinds of customers; the living and the dying. 
The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love. 
Man is the measure of all things. 
All I want is a little more than I'll ever get. 
I object to intellect without discipline; I object to power without constructive purpose. 
Let go of who you think you're supposed to be; embrace who you are. 
If you find someone who makes you smile, who checks up on you often to see if you're okay, who watches out for you and wants the best for you, who loves and respects you don't let them go. People like that are hard to find. 
I like it when somebody gets excited about something. It's nice. 
Care less, you'll be less stressed. 
Dying is overrated. Human sentimentality has twisted it into the ultimate act of love. Biggest load of bullshit in the world. Dying for someone isn't the hard thing. The man that dies escapes. Plain and simple. Game over. End of pain... Try living for someone. Through it all
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left. 
Words have power. Use them wisely.
We are all the pieces of what we remember. We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us. As long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss. 
In each of us, there is a little voice that knows exactly which way to go. 
Never let the sadness of your past, and the fear of the future, destroy the happiness of the present. 
Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face, but those that fall from the hear and cover the soul. 
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have. 
If you hear people from my past speak of me. Keep in mind they are speaking of a person they don't even know any more. 
The broken will always be able to love harder than most. Once you've been in the dark, you learn to appreciate everything that shines. 
It's not the world that's cruel. It's the people in it.
Behind every beautiful thing there's some kind of pain. 
Free yourself from the illusion of good and bad days. Labeling time makes us nostalgic of the past and demanding of the future. There is only here and now. Let it be. 
You cannot make everyone think and feel as deeply as you do. This is your tragedy … because you understand them, and they do not understand you. 
I don't want to get attached to anyone anymore, it only destroys me in the end. 
I've never trusted anyone all the time. It's the people I care about the most that always seem to do the most damage.
I'm not afraid of my truth anymore, and I will not omit pieces of myself to make you more comfortable. 
Doing as others told me, I was blind. Coming when others called me, I was lost. Then I left everyone, myself as well. Then I found everyone, myself as well. 
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul. 
Every one says forgiveness is a lovely idea, until they have something to forgive. 
Forgiveness is the best form of love. It takes a strong person to say sorry and an even stronger person to forgive. 
One lie can end a million trusts. 
Just because something doesn't last forever, doesn't mean it wasn't meaningful while it did last. 
Don't allow someone to make you feel that you're not good enough. 
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward. 
People will kill you over time, and how they'll kill you is with tiny, harmless phrases, like be realistic. 
Promises heal you in the present, and kill you in the future. 
If you're struggling and your people are just sitting there watching you struggle, they're not your people. 
Your happiness is the greatest revenge against those who wish to bring you down. 
The heart surrenders everything to the moment. The mind judges and holds back. 
You make mistakes. Mistakes don't make you. 
All stories are true. But some of them never happened. 
Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good.
When you think about something so intensely for so long, it kind of has a way of taking over everything else. 
The one thing you can change is how you treat yourself. And that one thing can change everything. 
Don't you know yet? It is your light that lights the worlds. 
I like people who dream or talk to themselves interminably; I like them, for they are double. They are here and elsewhere.
A good friend finds you in the dark and carries you back to the light. 
Someone who truly loves you, sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, and how hard you can be to handle, but still wants you. 
You can tell how dangerous a person is by the way they hold their anger inside themselves quietly. 
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
When you talk you are only repeating what you already know. But when you listen you may learn something new. 
Everyone has secrets. It's just a matter of finding out what they are. 
Never stop being a good person because of bad people. 
I want to live my life so that my nights are not full of regrets. 
It is easier to forgive an enemy than forgive a friend. 
Rest and self-care are so important. When you take time to replenish your spirit, it allows you to serve others from the overflow. You cannot serve from an empty vessel. 
But I want to be better than the lessons they taught me. I want my love to be greater than my hate, my mercy to be stronger than my vengeance.
It's not just other people we need to forgive. Sometimes we need to forgive ourselves. 
Perhaps many things inside you have been transformed; perhaps somewhere, someplace deep inside your being, you have undergone important changes while you were sad.
Be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here.
I'm almost never serious, and I'm always too serious. Too deep, too shallow. Too sensitive, too cold hearted. I'm like a collection of paradoxes. 
Hope can be a powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.
You have your whole life ahead of you. Don't spend all your time in the past.
Some people don't understand the promises they're making when they make them.
There is no perfection. Just beautiful versions of brokenness. 
Time only moves in one direction. Remember that. Things always change.
What's the greater risk? Letting go of what people think or letting go of how I feel, what I believe, and who I am? 
We often take the things we have for granted, but the reality is that everything we have and everything we are can be taken away from us in an instant. It is important to appreciate what we have and make the most of our time. 
Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. 
Flirt. Giggle. Dip your cookies in your milk. Take a nap. Say you are sorry if you hurt someone. Chase a butterfly. Be a child again. 
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude towards what happens to you. And in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you. 
I'm tired of everybody. Please forgive me. 
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore. 
Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good.
I think part of the reason why we hold on to something so tightly is we fear something great won't happen twice.
We build too many walls and not enough bridges. 
When the worst that can happen has come and gone And you're still standing, remember that you won.
Win any way as long as you can get away with it. Nice guys finish last. 
Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good.
Believe in yourself. Always.
Three can keep a secret if two of them are dead. 
At any given point you have the power to say, this is not how the story is going to end. 
Try to reason about love and you will lose your reason. 
We suffer from the delusion that the entire universe is held in order by the categories of human thought, fearing that if we do not hold to them with the utmost tenacity, everything will vanish into chaos. 
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure. 
I've decided to make myself strong. As far as I can tell, that's all I can do. 
I withdraw from people and places from time to time. I need space from a world that is filled with millions of mouths that talk too much but never have anything to say. 
If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave. 
She is water: soft enough to offer life, tough enough to drown it away. 
Forever is composed of nows. 
Being brave doesn't mean you aren't scared. Being brave means you are scared, really scared, badly scared, and you do the right thing anyway. 
Don't be afraid of being scared. To be afraid is a sign of common sense. Only complete idiots are not afraid of anything. 
Trust is like paper. Once crumpled, it will never be perfect again.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. 
Some people would rather live in a hell they've got used to than in a paradise they've never experienced before. 
Some days I feel everything at once. Other days I feel nothing at all. I don't know what's worse: drowning beneath the waves or dying from the thirst.
Trust yourself. You've survived a lot. And you'll survive whatever is coming. 
Don't sit and wait. Get out there. Feel life. 
We're each alone inside our heads, some more so than others. 
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength. 
I've reinvented myself once. And I can do it again.
You hear but are you listening? You exist but are you living? You look but do you see? 
I've got nothing to say but it's okay. 
I needed to be somewhere different. Maybe I needed to be someone different, too.
Life is a balance between rest and movement. 
If you expect nothing from somebody you are never disappointed.
People inspire you, or they drain you pick them wisely. 
Don't be a victim of your own mind. 
You only get one life. It's actually your duty to live it as fully as possible.
I've lived too long with pain. I won't know who I am without it. 
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. 
Youth is happy because it has the capacity to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old. 
Being tolerant does not mean that I share another one's belief. But it does mean that I acknowledge another one's right to believe, and obey, his own conscience. 
Kill the part of you that believes it can't survive without someone else.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. 
When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
But sometimes you make a choice in that moment and you know in your heart it's going to change everything. 
The worst mistake that you can make, is to walk away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you. 
When you
Sometimes it takes courage to open up to kindness.
We're all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness and call it love true love. 
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people. 
You will have days where you feel better, and you will have days where you want to die. Both are okay. There is no magical cure. You just need to close your eyes, and trust that the waves will pass, and soon you'll be able to breathe again. 
Everything has changed and yet, I am more than I've ever been.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. 
You are so brave and quiet I forget you are suffering. 
I realize now that dying is easy. Living is hard.
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning. 
Hope every day to do something foolish, something creative, and something generous. 
All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare. 
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams.
What if death is not the end, but rather a transition into a different plane of existence, and all of our loved ones who have passed away are still with us in some form? 
Don't wander away from yourself to get close to someone else. 
We are all just temporary beings living on a small planet in an infinite universe, yet we have the ability to make a significant impact on the world and those around us. Make the most of your time and strive to make a positive difference. 
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. 
When someone gives you a rare insight into their life, do not repay that gesture by betraying their trust. 
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, I have lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along. You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
Don't worry when I argue with you. Worry when I stop for that means there's nothing left to fight for. 
You can be the kindest person in the world, but people will still try to throw dirt on you. Jealousy is a nasty trait, people will do anything to make themselves feel better and take away your love. 
I don't think there is any truth. There are only points of view. 
Travel and tell no one. Live a true love story and tell no one. Live happily and tell no one. People ruin beautiful things. 
Some things go too deep to be forgotten.
You ever wonder what people really want from you? 
Would you destroy something perfect in order to make it beautiful? 
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. 
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. 
Everything you do is triggered by an emotion of either desire or fear. 
I want everything back, the way it was. But there is no point to it, this wanting. 
Ask yourself this question: Will this matter a year from now?
Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving. 
If we treat people as they are, we make them worse. If we treat people as they ought to be, we help them become what they are capable of becoming. 
People will love you, people will hate you, and none of it will have anything to do with you. 
I am both happy and sad at the same time, and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway. 
Standing alone is better than standing with people who hurt you. 
If you feel lost, there is always a map, you just might not see it yet. 
Some people bring out the worst in you, others bring out the best, and then there are those remarkably rare, addictive ones who just bring out the most. Of everything. They make you feel so alive that you'd follow them straight into hell...
Sometimes the hardest things in life are the things we have to do. And even when we feel it's right, I never want to hurt you. 
Wherever life plants you, bloom with grace. 
Try a little harder to be a little better. 
You never look good trying to make someone else look bad.
A self that goes on changing is a self that goes on living. 
Excellence prospers in the absence of excuses. 
Stop hating yourself for everything you aren’t. Start loving yourself for everything you are. 
I restore myself when I'm alone. 
Elegance is not standing out, but being remembered. 
I want to say somewhere: I've tried to be forgiving. And yet there were times in my life, whole years, when anger got the better of me. Ugliness turned me inside out. There was a certain satisfaction in bitterness. I courted it. It was standing outside, and I invited it in.
I didn't grasp that the shadows that sometimes crossed her face weren't momentary clouds passing in front of the sun. Her deep silences were more than daydreams. And her habit of standing with her arms wrapped around her ribs was a way of holding herself together.
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for. 
Know who you are. Know what you want. Know what you deserve and don't settle for less. 
Accept that some days you're the pigeon, and some days you're the statue. 
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. 
The roots of loneliness are very deep ... They find their food in the suspicion that there is no-one who cares and offers love without conditions. 
Just leave me alone. I'm not myself. I'm falling apart, and I don't want you here.
Don't you think it would be wonderful to get rid of everything and everybody and just go some place where you don't know a soul? 
A friend is a second self. 
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail? 
Only one man ever understood me, and even he didn't understand me. 
There are better days ahead for those who have put bitter days behind. 
Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn. 
I am a day dreamer and a night thinker. 
Just because I don't talk about it, doesn't mean I forget.
People will show you who they are, but we ignore it because we want them to be who we want them to be. 
The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It's about what you're made of, not the circumstances. 
Don't let us forget that the causes of human actions are usually immeasurably more complex and varied than our subsequent explanations of them.
I truly respect people who stay strong, even when they have every right to break down. 
You think too much because you are seeking for something beautiful inside yourself. 
It is difficult to demand change in our world, when we demand no change in ourselves. 
Never wish them pain. That's not who you are. If they caused you pain they must have pain inside. Wish them healing. 
If you don't want to sink, you better figure out how to swim.
You don't have to live forever, you just have to live.
Life is short. Spend it with people who make you laugh, and feel loved. 
In the fight between you and the world, back the world. 
Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn't calculate his happiness. 
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality. 
To love and lose and still be kind. 
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner. 
Life is inherently risky. There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing. 
You never realize the holes a person leaves behind until you fall into them.
I'm like that. Either I forget right away or I never forget. 
Sometimes what you're most afraid of doing is the very thing that will set you free. 
If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions. But we can't know better until knowing better is useless.
Everything starts with little steps.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind
There are good people and bad people in the world. The ones who start the fires, and the ones that put them out. 
Listen to the people who love you. Believe that they are worth living for even when you don't believe it. Seek out the memories depression takes away and project them into the future. Be brave; be strong; take your pills. Exercise because it's good for you even if every step weighs a thousand pounds. Eat when food itself disgusts you. Reason with yourself when you have lost your reason. 
There is nothing perfect, there is only life. 
I refuse to let the past find me here.
I am chaos. I am alive, and I tell you that you are free.
I'm a simple person who hides a thousand feelings behind the happiest smile. 
My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on who you are. 
I shall go on shining as a brilliantly meaningless figure in a meaningless world.
Goodnight and great love to you. We see the same stars. 
The truest, best love had nothing to do with luck. Luck was faithless, and worth little. True love wasn't fancy and it wasn't magical, but simply true in every sense: honest, loyal and sure.
The soul always knows what to do to heal itself, the challenge is to silence the mind. 
That's the problem with drinking, I thought, as I poured myself a drink. If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate; and if nothing happens you drink to make something happen.
I know this transformation is painful, but you're not falling apart; you're just falling into something different, with a new capacity to be beautiful. 
Hope is strong 
Hope is scary.
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true. 
When you complain you make yourself a victim. Leave the situation, change the situation or accept it. All else is madness. 
People change and forget to tell each other. 
If you want to be happy, you have to be happy on purpose. When you wake up, you can't just wait to see what kind of day you'll have. You have to decide what kind of day you'll have. 
You may not see it today or tomorrow, but you will look back in a few years and be absolutely awed by how every little thing added up and brought you somewhere wonderful. 
Here at last is her smile: burn it into your memory; you won't see it often.
We need people in our lives with whom we can be as open as possible. To have real conversations with people may seem like such a simple, obvious suggestion, but it involves courage and risk. 
Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do to get something better.
You can't buy a clean conscience.
If you can't do anything about it, then let it go. Don't be a prisoner to things you can't change. 
Karma means action. So things change through action not by prayer, not by wish. 
Honesty is a very expensive gift. Don't expect it from cheap people. 
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are. 
Only a man who knows what it is like to be defeated can reach down to the bottom of his soul and come up with the extra ounce of power it takes to win when the match is even. 
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. 
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.
Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.
You don't have a soul, Doctor. You are a soul. You have a body, temporarily.
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
The reason I talk to myself is because I'm the only one whose answers I accept.
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.
You don't forget the face of the person who was your last hope.
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. 
If we ever stop thinking about the person we want to become, we stop learning and taking risks. 
We cannot change anything unless we accept it. 
Compliment people. If you think a good thing about someone, there's no harm in saying it aloud. 
I want to talk about what happened without mentioning how much it hurt. There has to be a way. To care for the wounds without reopening them. To name the pain without inviting it back into me.
I've had so many knives stuck into me, when they hand me a flower I can't quite make out what it is. It takes time. 
It always takes two. For relationships to work, for them to break apart, for them to be fixed. 
I believe everyone has the ability to love another, but how well we love depends upon our ability to love ourselves. 
I sometimes think that people's hearts are like deep wells. Nobody knows what's at the bottom. All you can do is imagine by what comes floating to the surface every once in a while.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. 
A self that goes on changing is a self that goes on living. 
You are allowed to be alive. You are allowed to be somebody different. You are allowed to not say goodbye to anybody or explain a single thing to anyone, ever.
Until you change your thinking, you will always recycle your experiences. 
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside while still alive. Never surrender. 
The real difficulty is to overcome how you think about yourself. 
Don't let them get you down. Be cheeky. And wild. And wonderful. 
I can be someone's and still be my own.
Let someone love you just the way you are as flawed as you might be, as unattractive as you sometimes feel, and as unaccomplished as you think you are. To believe you must hide of all the parts of you that are broken, out of fear that someone else is incapable of loving what is less than perfect, is to believe that sunlight is incapable of entering a broken window and illuminating a dark room. 
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. 
Whatever you do, never run back to what broke you. Live in the present and make it beautiful. 
Destroy negative thoughts when they first appear. This is when they're the weakest. 
It's complicated because I care and I don't care at the same time. 
Don't sabotage yourself. There are plenty of other people willing to do that for free.
Trauma permanently changes us. This is the frightening truth about betrayal. You never really get over it. At best, you grieve and make some kind of peace with it. But a major life disruption leaves a new normal behind. There's no going back to who you were before. 
Actions always prove why words mean nothing. 
When other people treat you poorly keep being you. Don't ever let someone else's bitterness change the person you are. 
I am somebody. I am me. I like being me. And I need nobody to make me somebody. 
You have saved yourself from drowning every time before this. You will rescue yourself again. 
Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge. 
Sometimes it's a blessing to not get what we want. 
We do not remember days, we remember moments. 
Funny how silence can be the loudest sound of all.
The truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
People in their right minds never take pride in their talents. 
Don't take anything personally. Nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering. 
Just because you think you're worthless doesn't make it true. 
Life can be magnificent and overwhelming that is the whole tragedy. Without beauty, love, or danger it would almost be easy to live. 
Fall in love with the person who enjoys your madness, not an idiot who forces you to be normal. 
You are more than a list of mistakes and if anyone tells you otherwise, let it be the last they make.
Don't think too much you'll create a problem that wasn't there in the first place. 
You always admire what you really don't understand. 
Sometimes I have to remind myself that I don't have to do what everyone else is doing. 
When someone is crying, of course, the noble thing to do is to comfort them. But if someone is trying to hide their tears, it may also be noble to pretend you do not notice them. 
I do not hope for anything. I do not fear anything, I have freed myself from both the mind and the heart, I have mounted much higher, I am free. 
Would sorry have made any difference? Does it ever? It's just a word. One word against a thousand actions. 
The biggest tragedy of life is that we get old too soon and wise too late. 
There's some people in this world who you can just love and love and love no matter what. 
I am going to make everything around me beautiful that will be my life. 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass. It's about dancing in the rain. 
I will be stronger than my sadness. 
One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.
Tonight go to sleep as though your whole past has been dropped. Die to the past. And in the morning wake up as a new man in a new morning. 
When there's a fresh wound in your heart, keep it open until it heals. Air it out. Understand it. Dive into it. Be fierce enough to become it. If you ignore it, it won't be able to breath. If you ignore it, it will merely deepen, spread, and resurface later, wanting to release. And when later happens, it will hurt even more; because when later happens, you won't know what you're bleeding for... Remain open to feel free. 
It's all about the one face you look for in a room full of people. 
When you stop talking to people, stop talking about them too. 
But the most beautiful things in life are just not things. They're people and places, memories and pictures. They're feeling and moments and smiles and laughter. 
Go ignore me, I don't care. But if you need me, I won't be there. 
The most confused we ever get is when we're trying to convince our heads of something our heart knows is a lie. 
Lonely isn't being alone. It's the feeling that nobody cares. 
Regardless of how you feel inside, always try to look like a winner. Even if you are behind, a sustained look of control and confidence can give you a mental edge that results in victory. 
It always seems impossible until it's done. 
Grief does not change you. It reveals you.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. 
There is no perfect fantasy happy ending. There is only this weird broth that we call life. 
The goal is to never stay the same. I always want to be changing and evolving. That's the whole point of life and the whole point of making art is to be constantly moving. 
Even though I don't know what tomorrow will bring, I'm going to hold my head high, think positive, and expect the best. 
Everyone makes mistakes in life but that doesn't mean they have to pay for them for the rest of their life. Sometimes good people make bad choices. That doesn't mean they're bad. It means they're human. 
Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face, but those that fall from the heart and cover the soul. 
Once, I saw a bee drown in honey, and I understood.
This year taught me that my loneliness has more to do with myself than anyone else. The loneliest I will ever be is when I do not have the strength to love myself. 
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can. 
I never wish to be easily defined. 
The human heart has a way of making itself large again even after it's been broken into a million pieces. 
Bad things are always going to happen in life. People will hurt you, but you can't use that as an excuse to hurt someone back. 
To move, to breathe, to fly, to float, to gain all while you give, to roam the roads of lands remote, to travel is to live. 
Always be a little unexpected. 
People change, no use getting sentimental about it. Move on, find someone else.
Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.
It's not that we don't dare do things because they are difficult; rather, they are difficult because we don't dare. 
Value your freedom or you will lose it, teaches history. Don't bother us with politics, respond those who don't want to learn. 
Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done. 
True friends stab you in the front. 
Who, being loved, is poor? 
The truth is rarely pure and never simple. 
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time. 
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. 
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. 
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. 
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. 
You cannot open a book without learning something. 
Do not impose on others what you yourself do not desire. 
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance. 
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell. 
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home. 
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues. 
Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power. 
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. 
The reading of all good books is like a conversation with the finest minds of past centuries. 
Each problem that I solved became a rule, which served afterwards to solve other problems. 
An optimist may see a light where there is none, but why must the pessimist always run to blow it out? 
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it. 
I am indeed amazed when I consider how weak and how prone to error my mind is. 
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done. 
Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition. 
Innovation, creativity, and lunacy goes hand in hand. 
Lead by example. Be better than those you despise. 
Life is best when lived your way and not as a negation of what you don't like. 
No man is free who is not master of himself. 
Only the educated are free. 
The real tragedy of the poor is the poverty of their aspirations. 
Virtue is more to be feared than vice, because its excesses are not subject to the regulation of conscience. 
Irresponsibility is part of the pleasure of all art; it is the part the schools cannot recognize. 
Mistakes are the portals of discovery
A man of genius makes no mistakes; his errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery. 
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. 
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. 
The energy of the mind is the essence of life. 
The law is reason, free from passion. 
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man. 
Much learning does not teach understanding. 
There is nothing permanent except change. 
A man's character is his fate. 
Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility. 
The first human who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization. 
Everywhere I go I find that a poet has been there before me. 
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise. 
When a man cannot choose, he ceases to be a man. 
The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle. 
There are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating than seeing someone else die. 
Negativity is the enemy of creativity. 
Somehow, the French got this idea of the starving artist. Very romantic, except it's not so romantic for the starving artist. 
There is no truth. There is only perception. 
Our ignorance of history causes us to slander our own times. 
Success is a consequence and must not be a goal. 
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants. 
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success. 
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy. 
Genius is patience. 
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. 
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better. 
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. 
Insults are the arguments employed by those who are in the wrong. 
Gratitude is a duty which ought to be paid, but which none have a right to expect. 
Take the course opposite to custom and you will almost always do well. 
If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company. 
The heart has its reasons which the reason does not understand. 
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. 
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. 
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking. 
Most people say that it is the intellect which makes a great scientist. They are wrong: it is character. 
It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere. 
Only great minds can afford a simple style. 
If you're going through hell, keep going. 
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. 
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. 
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent. 
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome. 
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not Eureka! but That's funny... 
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines. 
You climb to reach the summit, but once there, discover that all roads lead down. 
An artist never works under ideal conditions. If they existed, his work wouldn't exist, for the artist doesn't live in a vacuum. 
Drama is life with the dull bits cut out. 
Self-plagiarism is style. 
Experience without theory is blind, but theory without experience is mere intellectual play. 
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life. 
To be is to do. 
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles. 
Before all else, be armed. 
It's the job that's never started that takes longest to finish. 
Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity. 
Well done is better than well said. 
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer. 
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses. 
The word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. 
The marks humans leave are too often scars. 
When proven wrong, the wise man will correct himself and the ignorant will keep arguing. 
Recovery is a process. It takes time. It takes patience. It takes everything you've got. 
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got. 
It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams when they get old. They grow old when they stop pursuing dreams. 
Stop pressing rewind on things that should be deleted from your life. 
Music is liquid architecture; Architecture is frozen music. 
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind. 
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. 
Don't criticize what you can't understand. 
Sometimes I wonder why words can't actually make us bleed. 
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for. 
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. 
One small crack doesn't mean you're broken. It means you were put to the test and you didn't fall apart. 
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place. 
Remember, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. 
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. 
We must not allow other people's limited perceptions to define us. 
Be a first rate version of yourself, not a second rate version of someone else. 
If I am not for myself, who is for me? And if I am only for myself, what am I? And if not now, when? 
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. 
The real winners in life are the people who look at every situation with an expectation that they can make it work or make it better.
The only true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing. 
Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something. 
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. 
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. 
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes. 
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. 
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe. 
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. 
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. 
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. 
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. 
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. 
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. 
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. 
If you don't make mistakes, you're not working on hard enough problems. 
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail. 
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. 
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. 
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. 
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. 
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. 
A journey of a thousand leagues begins beneath one's feet. 
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. 
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. 
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make. 
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. 
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. 
Life is like a camera. Just focus on what's important, capture the good times, develop from the negatives, and if things don't work out, just take another shot. 
Others can stop you temporarily you are the only one who can do it permanently. 
Believe you can and you're halfway there. 
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly. 
Either you run the day, or the day runs you. 
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. 
Change your thoughts and you change your world. 
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. 
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. 
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. 
Peace begins with a smile. 
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. 
When you are totally at peace with yourself, nothing can shake you. 
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. 
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. 
Beauty, without expression, tires. 
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. 
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. 
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. 
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. 
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. 
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision. 
It is never too late to be what you might have been. 
He who angers you conquers you. 
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. 
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. 
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self control — these three alone lead to power. 
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. 
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows. 
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. 
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today. 
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young. 
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. 
Education is like a double-edged sword. It may be turned to dangerous uses if it is not properly handled. 
A happy family is but an earlier heaven. 
Children are our most valuable resource. 
We cannot always build the future of our youth, but we can build our youth for the future. 
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light. 
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. 
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Walk beside me and be my friend. 
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it isn't open. 
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. 
When you judge another, you do not define them; you define yourself. 
Love is, above all else, the gift of oneself. 
Always, always trust your first gut instincts. If you feel something's wrong, it usually is. 
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. 
There lies hope in every new seed and every flower that grows upon the earth. 
Sometimes we have to travel to unknown places to find things we didn't know we'd lost, and to repair parts of us we didn't know were broken. 
The tear in my world is getting bigger. Soon it'll blow the whole universe apart.
Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers. 
Was it harder to die, or harder to be the one who survived?
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war. 
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. 
It's like everyone tells a story about themselves inside their own head. Always. All the time. That story makes you what you are. We build ourselves out of that story.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are. 
Perhaps you did not really believe in a thing until you could touch it.
Sometimes you have to lose your mind before you come to your senses. 
Sometimes people let the same problem make them miserable for years when they could just say, So what. That's one of my favorite things to say. So what. 
Sleep tries to seduce me by promising a more reasonable tomorrow.
I know it ain't easy loving me. 
Your future begins with your next thought. 
Sometimes I forget that unsaid sentences do not mean unfelt emotions. 
Pay attention to the things you are naturally drawn to. They are often connected to your path, passion, and purpose in life. Have the courage to follow them. 
Some walks you have to take alone.
She may forget herself, but she cannot forget you. 
Silence his demons and you will be able to hear his angels sing. 
The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt. 
Do not mistake me for my mask. You see light dappling on the water and forget the deep, cold dark beneath. 
Anyone who takes the time to be kind is beautiful. 
Money can't buy you happiness, but happiness sure is a hell of a lot easier to find when you're not worried about where your next meal is coming from. 
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you. 
You just have to surround yourself with the things that make you grateful to be alive.
We all have one foot in a fairytale, and the other in the abyss. 
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. 
Sometimes we have to travel to unknown places to find things we didn't know we'd lost, and to repair parts of us we didn't know were broken. 
Ideas are these disembodied life forms, they don't have a form, but they have a will. All they want is to be made manifest. If you can manage to open up your consciousness to an idea of living in a world of abundance, then you can believe that, constantly, ideas are trying to find human collaborators. 
Go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther. 
Everybody is a main character to someone. 
Strange how you could barely know a person and they were still able to bring out the worst in you.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. 
You have to let go of what could have been, how you should have acted and what you wish you would have said differently. You have to accept that you can't change the past experiences, opinions of others at that moment in time or outcomes from their choices or yours. When you finally recognize that truth then you will understand the true meaning of forgiveness of yourself and others. From this point you will finally be free. 
If you want something done right, do it yourself. 
Things hardly ever work on the first try. We'll make another, a better one. 
Strength grows in the moments when you think you can't go on but you keep going anyway. 
Life is about making an impact, not making an income. 
I am so afraid of disappointing the people I love, I often forget that I am someone I love too. And I need kindness just as much as I believe the people I love do. 
The problem is not the problem. The problem is the incredible amount of over-thinking you're doing with the problem. Let it go and be free. 
Surrender comes naturally when you no longer ask, Why is this happening to me? 
It's sad isn't it? I once thought worlds of you and now you're just another lesson. 
It's never too late to start over again and to be happy. 
If nothing else, one day you can look someone straight in the eyes and say But I lived through it. And it made me who I am today.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. 
An entire sea of water can't sink a ship unless it gets inside the ship. Similarly, the negativity of the world can't put you down unless you allow it to get inside you. 
Please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. 
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds. 
A year ago, you did not know today. You did not know how you'd make it here. But you made it here. By grace, you made it here. 
Men have always been a prey to distractions, which are the original sin of the mind; but never before today has an attempt been made to organize and exploit distractions, to make of them, because of their economic importance, the core and vital center of human life, to idealize them as the highest manifestations of mental activity. 
The ones who notice the storm in your eyes, the silence in your voice and the heaviness in your heart are the ones you need to let in. 
Do you ever miss yourself? The person you were before you had your first heartbreak or before you got betrayed by a person you trusted? 
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and start being excited about what could go right. 
Just because you bury something doesn't mean that it stops existing. 
Nature is not a place to visit. It is home. 
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace. 
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. 
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real. 
In my memory, it doesn't end. We just stay there, looking at each other, forever.
She loves deeply, regardless of the love she gets in return, and it is both her greatest strength and her biggest weakness. 
Just because things hadn't gone the way I'd planned didn't necessarily mean they'd gone wrong. 
To believe in something and not to live it is dishonest. 
I'm a slave to my emotions, to my likes, to my hatred of boredom, to most of my desires. 
May I never lose that terror that keeps me brave.
A person who values you, wouldn't ever put themselves in a position to lose you. 
The saddest thing about betrayal is it never comes from your enemies. 
She once thought that the damage to her mind and heart was permanent until she met Wisdom, who taught her that no pain or wound is eternal. That ill can be healed, and that love can grow, even in the toughest places of her being. 
Extraordinary people have the right to violate conventional morals in order to bring something new into the world. 
They call you heartless; but you have a heart and I love you for being ashamed to show it.
It has been said, time heals all wounds. I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone. 
Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down. 
Be a better you, for you. 
Good friends help you find important things when you have lost them… things like your smile, your hope and your courage. 
To love is not weak. Love is the strongest thing there is. 
Saying yes to happiness means learning to say no to the people and things that stress you out. 
Be careful who you make memories with. Those things can last a lifetime. 
I know — better than anyone — that once someone's made up her mind to leave you, there's nothing you can do to make her stay. 
She distanced herself to save herself. 
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
Until we have seen someone's darkness, we don't really know who they are. Until we have forgiven someone's darkness, we don't really know what love is. 
One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison. 
Happiness does not depend on what happens outside of you, but on what happens inside of you. 
Sometimes, it's the scary things in life that are the most worthwhile.
The past does not have to be your prison. You have a voice in your destiny. You have a say in your life. You have a choice in the path you take. 
I wish I could show you, when you are lonely or in darkness, the astonishing light of your own being. 
You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. 
I think that you find your own way. You have your own rules. You have your own understanding of yourself, and that's what you're going to count on. In the end, it's what feels right to you … Not what anybody else tells you. 
Why do we all say we prefer honesty but rarely give that courtesy to others?
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back. 
I thought I wouldn't live through it. But you do. You learn to love the place somebody leaves behind for you.
Imagine being with someone where it's enough safe to just talk for hours about your fears and the things you're ashamed of...Hours of pure vulnerability. And when you look up again and expect the worst, you get kissed instead. Imagine... 
Maybe everybody in the whole damn world is scared of each other.
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear. 
Maturity is learning to walk away from people and situations that threaten your peace of mind, self-respect, values, morals and self worth. 
Self respect. If you don't have it, the world will walk all over you. 
There are too many books that I haven't read, too many places I haven't seen, too many memories I haven't kept long enough. 
If someone treats you badly, just remember that there is something wrong with them, not with you. 
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us. 
My heart is as pure as gold, yet my hands are as black as coal. 
Be near with the trees so they can teach your soul that every time the winds of change comes all you have to do is to sway. 
In life you're going to be left out, talked about, lied to and used, but you have to decide who's worth your tears and who's not. 
That's how you can tell that you're filling yourself with the wrong things. You use a lot of energy, and in the end, you feel emptier than ever. 
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. 
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. 
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. 
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. 
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. 
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. 
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. 
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. 
We become what we think about. 
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. 
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. 
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. 
An unexamined life is not worth living. 
Eighty percent of success is showing up. 
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. 
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. 
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. 
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. 
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. 
Either you run the day, or the day runs you. 
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. 
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. 
The best revenge is massive success. 
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing.  That's why we recommend it daily. 
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. 
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. 
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined. 
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. 
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.  
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. 
Believe you can and you're halfway there. 
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. 
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. 
Teach thy tongue to say, I do not know, and thou shalt progress. 
Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can. 
Fall seven times and stand up eight. 
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. 
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. 
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. 
Happiness is not something ready made.  It comes from your own actions. 
First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. 
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. 
You can't fall if you don't climb.  But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground. 
We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. 
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. 
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. 
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. 
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. 
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. 
Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. 
You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame. 
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. 
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. 
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. 
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. 
It is never too late to be what you might have been. 
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. 
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. 
It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings.  
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. 
The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself the invisible battles inside all of us that's where it's at. 
Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance. 
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. 
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. 
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. 
Dream big and dare to fail. 
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. 
You can't use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have. 
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. 
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. 
It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. 
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. 
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. 
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. 
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. 
It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. 
Change your thoughts and you change your world. 
If you can dream it, you can achieve it. 
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. 
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. 
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. 
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. 
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. 
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. 
The power of imagination makes us infinite. 
Don't count the days, make the days count. 
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. 
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. 
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. 
I am who I am. I will be who I be. But no one in this room is going to change me. 
Great minds think alike. 
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day. 
Don't count your chickens before they hatch. 
Appearances are often deceiving. 
Honesty is the best policy. 
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link. 
It is not length of life, but depth of life. 
You can't calm the storm so stop trying. What you can do is calm yourself. The storm will pass. 
Familiarity breeds contempt. 
Vulnerability sounds like truth and feels like courage. Truth and courage aren't always comfortable, but they're never weakness.
As long as you are worried about what others think of you, you are owned by them. 
I hope you always find a reason to smile. 
Beyond a certain point there is no return. This point has to be reached. 
Some chapters of life don't actually have an apparent ending. They just fade away silently. 
Sometimes people just want to be happy, even if it's not real.
Experience is a brutal teacher, but you learn fast. 
And that's how you go on. You lay laughter over the dark parts. The more dark parts, the more you have to laugh. With defiance, with abandon, with hysteria, any way you can.
If you're not making mistakes, you're not taking risks, and that means you're not going anywhere. The key is to make mistakes faster than the competition, so you have more changes to learn and win. 
We just got to accept that some people can only be in our hearts, not in our lives. 
It's the little things that make up your life. The bigger events just connect them.
Always defend your right to heal at your own pace. You are taking your time. You are allowed to take your time. 
The thing is: If you're cold, you hurt people. If you're sensitive, they hurt you. 
While it is better to be loved than hated, it is also far better to be hated than ignored. 
Come with me, where dreams are born, and time is never planned.
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down. 
You can hide memories, but you can't erase the history that produced them.
Embrace uncertainty. Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won't have a title until much later. 
You have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your life. 
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now. 
Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future. 
We all have different reasons for forgetting to breathe. 
The things that excite you are not random. They are connected to your purpose. Follow them. 
Scary, isn't it? But what wonderful thing didn't start out scary? 
There's a universe inside your head; constellations of the things you left unsaid.
I don't want to sit around and hope good things will happen. I want to make them happen. I want to be in control of my own destiny. 
Being with you never felt wrong. It's the one thing I did right. You're the one thing I did right.
Some people care too much. I think it's called love.
One of the cruelest things you can do to another person is to pretend you care about them more than you really do. 
Never forget, pain is just a temporary guest. You must never let it make a home out of you. 
Those who know what it's like in the dark will do anything to stay in the light.
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift. 
How long have you been holding those words in your head, waiting to use them? 
The motions of her mind were as incalculable as the flit of a bird in the branches.
Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated. 
Hate has caused a lot of problems in the world, but it has not solved one yet. 
To love a handful of people very well, that's a good life.
Some people are in your life to test you until you stand up and say: Enough is enough. I am worth more than you offer me. 
Because you are right, does not mean, I am wrong. You just haven't seen life from my side. 
Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be? 
I don't want to sit around and hope good things will happen. I want to make them happen. I want to be in control of my own destiny. 
I'm beginning to think that maybe it's not just how much you love someone. Maybe what matters is who you are when you're with them.
If we are not stretching, we are not growing. If we are not growing, we are probably not fulfilling our potential. The only person in this room that knows your potential is you.
It's not about being the best. It's about being better than you were yesterday. 
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will. 
Tell your secret to the wind, but don't blame it for telling the trees.
She did not need much, wanted very little. A kind word, sincerity, fresh air, clean water, a garden, kisses, books to read, sheltering arms, a cozy bed, and to love and be loved in return. 
One of the most amazing things that can happen is finding someone who sees everything you are and won't let you be anything less. They see the potential in you. They see endless possibilities. And through their eyes, you start to see yourself the same way. As someone who matters. As someone who can make a difference in this world. 
You are not broken. You can love and be loved, despite what may feel like the eternally brutal nature of the world. Even when you're drowning and so far under, there is always time to reach for someone who will teach you how to breathe again. 
It's not about being the best. It's about being better than you were yesterday. 
I am my own experiment. I am my own work of art. 
Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you. 
Sometimes quiet people really do have a lot to say... They're just being careful about who they open up to. 
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly. 
At some point you just have to let go of what you thought should happen and live in what is happening. 
People don't always get what they deserve in this world.
Believe with your eyes, not with your ears. 
Your journey will be much lighter and easier if you don't carry your past with you. 
Someday you will run so far and so fast your heart will feel like fire. 
Life is not about who you once were. It's about who you are right now, and the person you have the potential to be. 
The world doesn't seem like such a bad place when I'm with you. 
Maybe a lot of love gets lost in the transition between what we feel and what we say. 
War is what happens when language fails.
We may think that we fully control ourselves. However, a friend can easily reveal something about us that we have absolutely no idea about. 
I should like to understand myself properly before it is too late.
A lot can happen in a year. 
Here's to all the places we went. And here's to all the places we'll go. And here's to me, whispering again and again and again and again: I love you.
Success comes from keeping the ears open and the mouth closed. 
It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime.
Focus is a matter of deciding what things you're not going to do. 
Maybe that's worse, not letting ourselves be loved. Because we're too afraid of giving ourselves to someone we might lose. 
If you're lonely, bored or unhappy, remember you are young. There is so much time to meet new people and go to new places. 
When you're struggling with something, look at all the people around you and realize that every single person you see is struggling with something. 
Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing, and love people. The right people the ones who really belong in your life will come to you, and stay. 
But there was no need to be ashamed of tears, for tears bore witness that a man had the greatest of courage, the courage to suffer.
The way you treat yourself is the standard you set for others. 
We're more than our mistakes. We're more than what people expect of us.
What about when someone doesn't need a shoulder? What if they need the arms?
Perhaps most of all, though, you deserve to be okay. You deserve to know that a day in which you can just barely get out of bed because you are sad, or sick, or simply not ready to see the outside is not the end of the world. You deserve to know that moments of weakness do not make you fundamentally weak, only fundamentally human, and that sometimes we're not going to be effusively happy, and that is okay. 
Stop trying to figure it all out. Often the answers come to us when we least expect it. 
Everything will work out in the end. You don't need to know how. You just have to trust that it will. 
The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things that you weren't paying attention to before. 
Nobody looks like what they really are on the inside. You don't. I don't. People are much more complicated than that. It's true of everybody. 
A good friend will always stab you in the front. 
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. 
I understand. That's the trouble. I understand. I'll understand all the time. All day and all night. Especially all night. I'll understand. You don't have to worry about that. 
I don't know, I don't want to talk as much…It's nicer to think, dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one's heart, like treasures. I don't like to have them laughed at or wondered over. 
I am hopelessly in love with a memory. An echo from another time, another place. 
Self-worth is so vital to your happiness. If you don't feel good about you, it's hard to feel good about anything else. 
The way to love someone is to lightly run your finger over that person's soul until you find a crack and then gently pour your love into that crack. 
I'm never ashamed of my words. My words are me and how I feel. If that's a crime, then they should not have given me a mind and heart. 
People will stare. Make it worth their while. 
Believe you can and you're halfway there. 
We hide pain in the weirdest places, broken souls and smiling faces.
The world is a book, and those who don't travel read only a page. 
None of us understand what we're doing but we do beautiful things anyway.
But one of the attributes of love, like art, is to bring harmony and order out of chaos, to introduce meaning and affect where before there was none, to give rhythmic variations, highs and lows to a landscape that was previously flat. 
Just be yourself. Let people see the real imperfect, flawed, quirky, weird, beautiful and magical person you are. 
Never, never tell them. Try and remember that. Never tell anyone anything ever. Never tell anyone anything again. 
You know all those things you've always wanted to do? You should go do them. 
What's broken can be mended. What's hurt can be healed. No matter how dark it gets, the sun's gonna rise again. 
Anxiety is an urgent, deafening thing. No matter how many logical reasons you have to remain happy or positive, when it is present, you can hear nothing else. 
A year from now you will wish you had started today. 
I cannot make anyone understand what is happening inside me.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. 
Don't you worry about me. I'll always come out on top.
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
Be thankful for every new challenge. Each will give you more strength, wisdom and character. 
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it. 
What keeps my heart awake is colorful silence. 
I no longer have the energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions or unnecessary conversations. 
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others. 
Maybe we'll meet again, when we are slightly older and our minds less hectic, and I'll be right for you and you'll be right for me. But right now, I am chaos to your thoughts and you are poison to my heart. 
Think too much and you'll create a problem that wasn't there in the first place. 
When you can tell your story and it doesn't make you cry, that's when you know you've healed. 
Maybe I need somebody that could save me from the parts of myself that keep making me crazy.
Just remember. None of us have any idea what we're doing either. No one chooses to exist. You just do. You're gonna be okay. 
Remembering is easy for those who have memory. Forgetting is hard for those who have a heart. 
Let go of these techniques of living. Discover yourself as life. It is enough. 
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
I should like to understand myself properly before it is too late.
But I must admit I miss you terribly. The world is too quiet without you nearby. 
The best kind of humans are the ones who stay. 
Accept how you feel but don't let feelings rule you. You are in control. You are not their slave. 
I do not believe anyone can be perfectly well, who has a brain and a heart. 
If you're not doing what you love, you're wasting your time. 
I would say, some people are like constellations that only touch the earth for a season.
I learned a lot about being a friend when I was alone.
Still, being able to feel pain was good, he thought. It's when you can't even feel pain anymore that you're in real trouble.
We do not remember days. We remember moments. 
There's tragedy in a wasted gift. 
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. 
Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion. 
Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn. 
And if someday the uncertainty of this world becomes too overwhelming, I hope you remember that some mysteries aren't meant to be solved. They're meant to be lived. 
Surround yourself with people who bring out the best in you. 
I just love the thought that great things are coming. No matter what you're going through, there's so much to look forward to. 
But when I think of you, it's as if you've gone away to sea on a ship—out in a foreign brightness where there are no paths, only stars and sky. 
But darling, in the end you have to be your own hero because everyone else is too busy trying to save themselves. 
Even when I detach, I care. You can be separate from a thing and still care about it. 
Don't be afraid to lose what was never meant to be. 
There are two reasons why we don't trust people. First we don't know them. Second we know them. 
What gets lost in the transition between feelings and language? I wonder how much of myself I can't translate into words. I wonder how much of myself I don't even know. 
I would rather live in a world where my life is surrounded by mystery than in a world so small that my mind could comprehend it. 
Everything in your life is a reflection of a choice you once made. If you want different results, make different choices. 
It is remarkable that different people will have different thoughts when they look at the same thing. 
What is success? It is being able to go to bed each night with your soul at peace. 
I'll always want you more than anyone. You'll always matter to me more than anyone. 
Sometimes, all you can do is lie in bed, and hope to fall asleep before you fall apart. 
Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.
I no longer know If I wish I to drown my self in love, vodka or the sea. 
I recreate myself; that is my only power. 
Stop doubting yourself. Work hard and make it happen. 
You will be too much for some people. Those aren't your people. 
You can't just give up on someone because the situation's not ideal. Great relationships aren't great because they have no problems. They're great because both people care enough about the other person to find a way to make it work. 
When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps. 
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better. 
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced. 
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us. 
People are people, and sometimes we change our minds. 
It's sad when people who gave you the best memories, become a memory. 
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life in smiles, not tears. 
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. 
If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit. 
Nothing in nature blooms all year. Be patient with yourself. 
Stop asking me to trust you while I'm still coughing water up from the last time you let me drown. 
You never get over it. But you get to where it doesn't bother you so much.
Growth isn't always constant. Relapses happen. It doesn't erase all your success. 
I don't think people understand how stressful it is to explain what's going on in your head when you don't even understand it yourself. 
Sometimes you can't do anything else than just hope… hope that everything will be okay. 
Without goals and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination. 
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anyone. 
Someday you're gonna look back on this moment of your life as such a sweet time of grieving. You'll see that you were in mourning and your heart was broken, but your life was changing.  
She set her boundaries and rebuilt her life. 
A soulmate is someone who is willing to grow with you, who chooses to be with you until the end, and will love you through good and bad. It's not about sunshine and laughter, it's about mundane moments filled with unknowns. 
What hurts is that we never really said goodbye. We just kind of ended. 
And you'll return to real life. You need to live it to the fullest. No matter how shallow and dull things might get, this life is worth living. I guarantee it. 
There are some people who could hear you speak a thousand words and still not understand you. And there are others who will understand without you even speaking a word. 
What cannot be said will be wept. 
No, I'm not ok. But I haven't been ok since I was 11, maybe 12. I am still here though. I'm still breathing. For me, sometimes, that will have to be enough. 
Your now is not your forever.
Sometimes you could be doing everything right and thing will still go wrong. The key is to never stop doing right.
You cannot always be happy but you can always be brave. And that is the beginning of everything. 
All you can do in life is to be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all. 
What is success? It is being able to go to bed each night with your soul at peace. 
I'll always want you more than anyone. You'll always matter to me more than anyone. 
We all have to find our own ways to say good
The more you care, the more you have to lose. 
Be patient when things are not going right. Accept that what is yours will come to you in the right way at just the right moment. 
And sometimes I have kept my feelings to myself, because I could find no language to describe them in. 
Part of surviving is being able to move on. 
The scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
It is better to be alone than to be with someone who can't see who you are. 
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything. 
If they don't know you personally, don't take it personal. 
I have given away my whole soul to someone who treats it as if it were a flower to put in his coat.
I can't change where I come from or what I've been through, so why should I be ashamed of what makes me, me? 
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. 
Be alone. Eat alone, take yourself on dates, sleep alone. In the midst of this you will learn about yourself. You will grow, you will learn what inspires you. You will cultivate your own dreams, your own beliefs, your own stunning clarity. And when you do meet the right person who makes your cells dance, you will be sure of it because you are sure of yourself. 
If you hesitate between me and another person, don't choose me. 
What is in our hearts is real whether we name it or let it exist only in darkness or silence.
You did something for me I couldn't do for myself. You loved me for who I am. 
You have to love somebody that much to also hate them that much, too.
I'd rather wear flowers in my hair, than diamonds around my neck. 
You can be happy wrapped up in things that are bad for you. And things that are good for you can make you absolutely miserable.
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live. 
Good conversations with the right people are priceless. 
Sometimes suffering is just suffering. It doesn't make you stronger. It doesn't build character. It only hurts.
Healing is a choice. It is not an easy one because it takes work. But keep making the choice and shifts will happen. 
It's so rare that you meet someone who makes you feel so warm and happy like they are like sunshine and you just want them around all time. 
In order to be free, we must learn how to let go. Release the hurt. Release the fear. Refuse to entertain the old pain. 
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. 
Sometimes you change your mind about a person. Or your feelings for them change, or they change, or, I don't know, you just want to make a different decision. And that's always okay. You don't owe anyone anything.
She remembered who she was, and the game changed. 
Overthinking is the biggest cause of our unhappiness. Keep yourself occupied. Keep your mind off things that don't help you. Be optimistic. 
Be brave enough to travel the unknown path and learn what you are capable of. 
It doesn't matter what someone is. Only what they think they are.
If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. 
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you. 
I get it now. It's hard to let someone find you in all the dark and twisty places inside, but eventually, you have to hope that they do, because that's the beginning of everything. 
Conditions are never perfect. Someday is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you. If it's important to you and you want to do it eventually, just do it and correct the course along the way. 
Some people don't know how to fall in love, like not knowing how to swim. They panic first when they jump in. Then they figure it out. 
Never have I dealt with anything more difficult than my own soul, which sometimes helps me and sometimes opposes me. 
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor... If you love me, I'll always be in your heart... If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind. 
Art is infinite. It has no beginning and no end. 
So many things are possible just as long as you don't know they're impossible.
Even after all this time the sun never says to the earth, You owe me. Look at what happens with a love like that. It lights the whole sky. 
Every artists dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. 
Take a lot of pictures, you'll only regret the ones that you didn't take. 
But just because you're strong and resilient doesn't mean you never need someone to be there for you, to take care of you. 
The eyes tell more than words could ever say. 
I think that after the first time you give your heart away, you never get it back. The rest of your life is just you pretending that you still have a heart.
What if I slept a little more and forgot about all this nonsense. 
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. 
If you are not willing to look stupid, nothing great will ever happen to you. 
The sun watches what I do. But the moon knows all my secrets. 
You don't need someone to complete you. But you only need someone who accepts you completely. 
I notice everything. I just act like I don't. 
I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough. 
You are going to break your promise. I understand. And I hold my hands over the ears of my heart, so that I will not hate you.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. 
So I said, Okay, go. But I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it and how could you not know? 
I cannot let you burn me up, nor can I resist you. No mere human can stand in a fire and not be consumed.
Stop trying to find the right person, be the right person. Instead of being with someone who makes you happy, first, be someone who makes you happy. 
Never regret something that once made you smile. 
Silence doesn't always mean you have nothing to say. It may mean you realize that words aren't always necessary. 
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Maybe we can comprehend a flower or an insect, but we can never comprehend ourselves. Even less can we expect to comprehend the universe.
Ability is nothing without opportunity. 
Don't wait for things to get easier, simpler, better. Life will always be complicated. Learn to be happy right now. Otherwise, you'll run out of time. 
You're in a relationship to be happy, to smile, to laugh, to make memories, to enjoy one another and not to be constantly hurt and upset. 
You have to dream before your dreams can come true. 
It's rare to meet someone with a mind just as beautiful as their face. 
One day can change everything. 
I hope that someday, somebody wants to hold you for twenty minutes straight, and that's all they do. They don't pull away. They don't look at your face. They don't try to kiss you. All they do is wrap you up in their arms, without an ounce of selfishness in it.
Make yourself a priority once in a while. It's not selfish. It's necessary. 
Even on my weakest days, I get a little bit stronger. 
It might seem crazy what I'm about to say. 
The more something upsets you, the more it is meant for you. When it no longer upsets you, it is no longer needed because the lesson is complete. 
Sometimes when you're in a dark place you think you've been buried, but actually you have been planted. 
Don't hang out with people who think that you're less than you are. 
Don't call it a dream. Call it a plan. 
There's a difference between losing something you knew you had and losing something you discovered you had. One is a disappointment. The other feels like losing a piece of yourself. 
You said you liked storms, so I let you in. Turns out you only like a little rain, and I am a hurricane. 
Being a good friend doesn't mean you always have all the right words to say. Sometimes it means you just know when to be a good listener. 
She was a storm. Not the kind you run from. The kind you chase. 
We assume others show love the same way we do — and if they don't, we worry it's not there. 
As important in a trusting relationship as the truth you share are the lies you never have to tell. 
Just in case you have forgotten today: You matter. You are loved. You are worthy. You are magical. 
I have learned that when sadness comes to visit me, all I can do is say I see you. I spend some time with it, get up, and say goodbye. I don't push it away. I own it. And because I own it, I let it go. 
Happiness is when you feel good about yourself without needing everyone else's approval. 
If you love a flower, don't pick it. Because if you pick it up it dies and it ceases to be what you love. So if you love a flower, let it be. Love is not about possession. Love is about appreciation. 
I want to be the kind of person who can move on and forgive people and be healthy and happy. It seems like an easy thing to do in my head. But it's not so easy when you try it in real life. 
I want to learn from myself, want to be my student, want to get to know myself. 
If they miss you, they'll call. If they want you, they'll say it. If they care, they'll show it. And if not, they aren't worth your time. 
It's mortifying to be the one who remembers. 
The natural healing force within each of us is the greatest force in getting well. 
Don't aim for perfection. Evolution, and life, only happen through mistakes.
We can never do the right thing as long as we are out to please someone else. 
So much of what we learn about love is taught to us by people who never really loved us. 
I think the most painful separation is the one that leaves us hanging around without knowing if we are still part of them or things changed. 
There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds. 
Don't you dare give up. Not tonight, not tomorrow, not ever. 
There's nothing wrong with being scared, but you can't let it stop you from doing what you need to do.
You look like an angel but I know you ain't one. 
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness. 
Don't forget 
When you're sad, my Little Star, go out of doors. It's always better underneath the open sky. 
Maturity begins when we're content to feel we're right about something, without feeling the necessity to prove someone else is wrong. 
An earned compliment costs nothing, but its returns are immeasurable. Very humanly, when we are complimented, when our efforts are appreciated, most of us will usually strive to perform even better down the line. What a return on the investment of delivering a few earned words of praise! 
Family don't end with blood. 
I woke up in a great mood this morning and I'm not going to let anyone or anything ruin that. 
And yet you are all that you have, so you must be enough. There is no other way.
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder. 
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in. 
She had this way of always finding the good and believing in everything despite all she had seen. And that is what I loved the most the pure magic of her undying hope. 
You can achieve what you're working towards, as long as you keep trying your best. 
The most important thing about a person is always the thing you don't know.
I'm not asking you to promise that everything will be perfect. Just promise me that you'll try. 
It was impossible, of course. But when did that ever stop any dreamer from dreaming?
Upon my arrival, I either learned to swim or drowned.
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Maybe we can comprehend a flower or an insect, but we can never comprehend ourselves. Even less can we expect to comprehend the universe.
Ability is nothing without opportunity. 
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness. 
You said you didn't want to lose me but you weren't even trying to keep me. 
Sometimes the best goal you can set is just to get out of bed every day. If you can succeed at this, then other things become possible. 
I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead to help them reveal the greatest version of themselves. 
She did not need much, wanted very little. A kind word, sincerity, fresh air, clean water, a garden, kisses, books to read, sheltering arms, a cosy bed, and to love and be loved in return. 
Love is what makes you smile when you're tired. 
Being alone has a power that very few people can handle. 
What's the difference?
I feel strong. Not strong enough to face myself, but strong enough to keep going. 
I'd rather look back and regret something I did when I was young and crazy, than look back and regret something I never had the courage to do, and realize it's too late.
Let go of the people who dull your shine, poison your spirit, and bring you drama. Cancel your subscription to their issues. 
Never quit believing in yourself. 
When you can't control what's happening, challenge yourself to control the way you respond to what's happening. That's where your power is. 
It's okay to be impatient. As long as you show your patience on the outside.
Be careful who you trust, remember, the devil was once an angel. 
Goodnight and great love to you. We see the same stars. 
Don't play for safety. It is the most dangerous thing in the world. 
We are born in one day. We die in one day. We can change in one day. And we can fall in love in one day. Anything can happen in just one day. 
It's okay to be sad. You don't owe anyone a performance of being okay when you feel like you're falling apart. 
If you're always worrying about what other people think, you'll never get any tougher. 
The hardest thing is to take less when you can get more. 
My current situation is not my final destination. 
Maybe it won't work out. But maybe seeing if it does will be the best adventure ever. 
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. 
The greatest you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. 
I wanted to forget the past, but it refused to forget me; it waited for sleep, then cornered me. 
Nothing is more heartbreaking than when you try your hardest and it still isn't enough. 
Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you chose your life, you didn't settle for it. 
Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option. 
Learn to trust the journey even when you do not understand it. 
The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count.
I don't know if we're alone in the universe but I've met plenty of people who are alone inside themselves.
I hope you find yourself out there. I hope you figure out your heart. I hope you figure out your mind. I hope you learn how to be kind to yourself. How to embrace the journey you are on. I hope you learn to be proud of the person you are becoming. I hope you learn to be proud of where you are even if it isn't exactly where you want to be. 
I've seen a lot of beautiful things with a heavy heart. 
There's a price to pay for pushing beyond everyone else's answers, and what I'm finding out is that I'm more than willing to pay it.
And that was what destroyed you in the end: the longing for something you could never have. 
You must be the person you have never had the courage to be. Gradually, you will discover that you are that person, but until you can see this clearly, you must pretend and invent. 
Speak only when you feel that your words are better than your silence. 
I don't like being asked the same thing twice. I like people to understand at the first word. Some things can't be explained. 
Relax. You will become an adult. You will figure out your career. You will find someone who loves you. You have a whole lifetime; time takes time. The only way to fail at life is to abstain. 
I opened my mouth, almost said something. Almost. The rest of my life might have turned out differently if I had. But I didn't.
Don't hang out with people who don't love you. Don't try to impress people who aren't worth it. Don't try to win people over who aren't worth it … Focus on the people who are really awesome and who love you. 
Life goes on whether you choose to move on and take a chance in the unknown or stay behind, locked in the past, thinking of what could've been. I don't want to live in the past anymore. I'm so lonely here, there's nothing for me here anymore. 
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness. 
Cutting people out of my life doesn't mean I hate them, it simply means I respect me. 
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road. 
It's the things we love most that destroy us. 
You are not accidental. The world needs you. Without you, something will be missing in existence and nobody can replace it. 
It's all messy: the hair, the bed, the words, the heart. Life. 
It always shocked me when I realized that I wasn't the only person in the world who thought and felt such strange and awful things. 
Grab your coat, leave a note, and run away with me. 
Forgive me if I don't talk much at times. It's loud enough in my head. 
I would not be the person I am without the authors who made me what I am the special ones, the wise ones, sometimes just the ones who got there first. 
Nobody looks good in their darkest hours. But it's those hours that make us what we are.
When someone leaves you once, you expect it to happen again. Eventually you stop getting close enough to people to let them become important to you, because then you don't notice when they drop off your world. 
Silence, I discover, is something you can actually hear. 
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. 
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. 
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new. 
I am aware that I am less than some people prefer me to be, but most people are unaware that I am so much more than what they see. 
Everybody comes from the same source. If you hate another human being, you're hating part of yourself. 
Your heart knows things that your mind can't explain. 
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. 
I'm not the person you left behind anymore. There's no one here to miss.
Open your mouth only if what you have to say is more beautiful than silence. 
Every star may be a sun to someone. 
I wish I didn't care all the time. 
I think one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing half way through how much you enjoy their existence. 
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. 
The saddest kind of sad is the sad that tries not to be sad. You know, when sad tries to bite its lip and not cry, and smile and say, No I'm happy for you? That's when it's really sad. 
Don't listen to what people say, watch what they do. 
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are. 
Who you were, who you are, and who you will be are three different people. 
I cannot be other than what I am, and I am the choices of all my days.
Too often, feelings arrive too soon, waiting for thoughts that often come too late. 
It eventually gets better, without any sort of explanation; you just wake up one morning and you're not as upset anymore. 
Remember, man does not live on bread alone: sometimes he needs a little buttering up. 
Difficult relationships come into our lives for a reason. No one would choose them, certainly. But if we let them, they can teach us how to be flexible with others and more forgiving. 
People who need help sometimes look a lot like people who don't need help. 
It's easier to be alone than it is to constantly be misunderstood 
I dare you to burn holes into me; I will bleed love and kindness from all of them, and you will drown in the things you tried to end in me.
Love yourself, accept yourself, forgive yourself and be good to yourself. 
Better to be at the bottom of a ladder you want to climb than in the middle of some ladder you don't, right? 
Rather die on our feet, than keep living on our knees.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well. 
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without. 
Choose to love yourself; choose to respect yourself; and promise with all your heart and soul that you will never leave you. 
It's okay to cry. Sometimes your body just needs to let out that stress and emotions you've been holding in. 
People die of broken hearts. They have heart attacks. And it's the heart that hurts most when things go wrong and fall apart. 
When it rains, look for rainbows. When it's dark, look for stars. 
Being listened to and heard is one of the greatest desires of the human heart. And those who learn to listen are the most loved and respected. 
It is a truly amazing gift to be wanted for who we are. 
Thoughts become things. Choose the good ones. 
It's both a blessing and a curse to feel everything so very deeply. 
I'm sorry you were not truly loved and that it made you cruel. 
Listen to silence. It has so much to say. 
You can live your whole life without realizing that you're looking for is right in front of you. 
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides. 
We are in each other's life for a reason. Thank you for showing up. 
A healthy relationship is where two independent people just make a deal that they will help the other person be the best version of themselves. 
The way to right wrongs is to turn the light of truth upon Them. 
Always end the day with a positive thought. No matter how hard things were, tomorrow's a fresh opportunity to make it better. 
Inner peace begins the moment you choose not to allow another person or event to control your emotions. 
I've always loved the idea of not being what people expect me to be. 
What hurts you, blesses you. Darkness is your candle. 
Life went on without you. Of course, it did. Of course, it does. It was just an ending, not the end. 
It's amazing how much damage can be done when you have nothing but good intentions. 
Be willing to walk alone. Many who start with you won't finish. 
Someone who is worthy of your love will never put you in a situation where you feel you must sacrifice your dignity, your integrity, or your self worth to be with them. 
The trouble is if you don't spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.
Everybody isn't going to love you. Most people don't even love themselves. 
Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live. 
Whatever you do, good or bad, people will always have something negative to say. 
Funny how life had its little ways of surprising you. Little quirks of fate.
Don't waste the rest of your time here worrying about other people—unless it affects the common good. It will keep you from doing anything useful. You'll be too preoccupied with what so
The world will knock you down plenty. You don't need to be doing it to yourself. 
You always have the choice to be happy. Learn to understand the purpose of bumps in the road, grow from them and stay positive. 
Ignoring isn't the same as ignorance, you have to work at it. 
A man often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it. 
Listen to a person when they look at you, not just when they're talking to you. 
Be nice to yourself. It's hard to be happy when someone is mean to you all the time. 
Everyone needs at least one friend who understands what we do not say. 
I've spent so much time in my head and my heart that I forgot to live in my body. 
I once told her I wasn't good at anything. She told me survival is a talent. 
Don't listen to yourself; listen to the advice that you give others. 
As long as you look for someone else to validate who you are by seeking their approval, you are setting yourself up for disaster. You have to be whole and complete in yourself. No one can give you that. You have to know who you are what others say is irrelevant. 
But eyes are blind. You have to look with the heart.
I like to listen. I have learnt a lot from listening carefully. Most people never listen. 
I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens. 
She took a step and didn't want to take any more, but she did. 
I will breathe. I will think of solutions. I will not let my worry control me. I will not let my stress level break me. I will simply breathe. I will be OK because I don't quit. 
Taking one's chances is like taking a bath, because sometimes you end up feeling comfortable and warm, and sometimes there is something terrible lurking around that you cannot see until it is too late and you can do nothing else but scream and cling to a plastic duck.
Meet me in outer space. We could spend the night. Watch the earth come up. I've grown tired of that place. Won't you come with me? We could start again.
I was quiet; but I was not blind. 
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create. 
Sometimes it is the smallest thing that saves us: the weather growing cold, a child's smile, and a cup of excellent coffee. 
Put your thoughts to sleep. Do not let them cast a shadow over the moon of your heart. Let go of thinking. 
Summer is near and things will be okay again. 
You deserve someone who answers. 
It's better to be your genuine self, and have fewer of the right kinds of people in your life, than it is to surround yourself with those who only accept you as long as you conform to their idea of who you should be. 
I learned not to trust people; I learned not to believe what they say but to watch what they do. I learned to suspect that everyone is capable of living a lie. I came to believe that other people even when you think you know them well are ultimately unknowable. 
I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning. 
The truth is often a terrible weapon of aggression. It is possible to lie, and even to murder, with the truth. 
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. 
Sometimes you have to do what's best for you, not what's best for somebody else. 
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option. 
We are products of our past but we don't have to be prisoners of it. 
Don't ask yourself what the world needs, ask yourself what makes you come alive. And then go and do that. Because what the world needs is people who are alive. 
Tomorrow is another chance. 
One of the hardest lessons in life is letting go. Whether it's guilt, love, anger, loss or betrayal, change is never easy. We fight to hold on and we fight to let go. 
Sometimes I find that music is so much more attractive than love. I don't know… It's like some kind of euphoria, that love can't bring to you. 
So please ask yourself: What would I do if I weren't afraid? And then go do it. 
Being positive isn't pretending that everything is good. It's seeing the good in everything. 
Millions of people can believe in you, and yet none of it matters if you don't believe in yourself. 
Courage doesn't mean you don't get afraid. Courage means you don't let fear stop you. 
The most important thing is to enjoy your life to be happy it's all that matters. 
Keep moving forward. 
I don't mind worriers,
In any given moment we have two options: To step forwards into growth or to step backwards into safety. 
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody. 
Appreciate those who don't give up on you. 
Some hearts understand each other even in silence. 
If you light a lamp for someone else it will also brighten your path. 
I take much pleasure in being alone but there is also a strange warm grace in not being alone. 
The less I know the better. 
Love is not about sex, going on fancy dates, or showing off. It's about being with a person who makes you happy in a way nobody else can. 
The darkest nights produce the brightest stars. 
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed. 
There's really no shortcut to forgetting someone. You just have to endure missing them everyday until you don't anymore. 
Have patience with all things but first with yourself. Never confuse your mistakes with your value as a human being. You are perfectly valuable, creative, worthwhile person simply because you exist. 
It's all too much and not enough at the same time. 
It's never too late to change the direction that your life is going in. 
We cannot simply sit and stare at our wounds forever. We must stand up and move on to the next action.
Soft hearted people are not fools. They know what people did to them but they forgive them again and again because they have beautiful hearts. 
If the lights go out tomorrow, would you know? 
And when at last you find someone to whom you feel you can pour out your soul, you stop in shock at the words you utter — they are so rusty, so ugly, so meaningless and feeble from being kept in the small cramped dark inside you so long.
The sad truth is the truth is sad. 
It is the things you cannot see coming that are strong enough to kill you. 
Becoming fearless isn't the point. That's impossible. It's learning how to control your fear, and how to be free from it, that's the point. 
Don't be so cool you can't cry. Don't be so smart you can't wonder. Don't be so set on your sunny days that you can't love thunder. 
Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made. 
Flowers grow back even after the harshest winters. You will too. 
God gives every bird its food, but he does not throw it into its nest. 
Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can't escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other.
There is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way. 
Allow yourself to hope and believe again. Don't allow the memories from the past to spoil the present, or to rob you of a future. 
Those who dance will be called fools by those who cannot hear the music. 
At your absolute best, you still won't be good enough for the wrong person. At your worst, you'll still be worth it to the right person. 
Closing your eyes isn't going to change anything. Nothing's going to disappear just because you can't see what's going on. In fact, things will even be worse the next time you open your eyes. That's the kind of world we live in. Keep your eyes wide open. Only a coward closes his eyes. Closing your eyes and plugging up your ears won't make time stand still. 
You can't fix me. Let me have my bad days. 
Sometimes people say terrible things when they're scared. They don't mean to, but they can't help it. They lash out because if they can see that their words hurt someone else, it makes them feel as if they aren't completely powerless. 
You can't control how they treat you, but you can control if you accept it. 
The soul usually knows what to do to heal itself. The challenge is to silence the mind. 
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. 
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship. 
Bad ideas make the best memories. 
You can't always wait for the perfect time. Sometimes you just have to jump. 
Always go too far, because that's where you'll find the truth. 
Don't wait until you've reached your goal to be proud of yourself. Be proud of every step you take towards reaching that goal. 
Let it hurt. Let it bleed. Let it heal. And let it go. 
Comparing yourself to others is an act of violence against your authentic self. 
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. 
No one can truly know what anyone thinks or feels. 
To the ones who still believe in dreams: Chase them. Chase them until you're out of breath. Then, keep running. 
Blowing out someone else's candle doesn't make yours shine any brighter. 
Let your heart lead you, do not be afraid, for there will be much to regret if reason and sense and fear are your only markers.
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate. 
Some things are more precious because they don't last long.
Life has many ways of testing a person's will either by having nothing happen at all, or by having everything happen at once. 
To borrow against the trust someone has placed in you costs nothing at first. You get away with it, you take a little more and a little more until there is no more to draw on. Oddly, your hands should be full with all that taking but when you open them there's nothing there.
Don't listen to yourself. Listen to the advice you give others. 
I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect – they are much more interesting. 
It's been very rare to have known you, very strange and wonderful. 
Highly sensitive people are too often perceived as weaklings or damaged goods. To feel intensely is not a symptom of weakness, it is the trademark of the truly alive and compassionate. It is not the empath who is broken, it is society that has become dysfunctional and emotionally disabled. There is no shame in expressing your authentic feelings. Those who are at times described as being a hot mess or having too many issues are the very fabric of what keeps the dream alive for a more caring, humane world. Never be ashamed to let your tears shine a light in this world. 
Everyone you meet always asks if you have a career, are married or own a house; as if life was some kind of grocery list. But nobody ever asks if you are happy. 
When you are attracted to people, it's because of the details. Their kindness. Their eyes. The fact that they can get you to laugh when you need it the most.
I don't know if you've ever noticed this, but first impressions are often entirely wrong. 
I am here, alone, at the end of the world. I reach out and touch nothing.
Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return. 
We do not know the true value of our moments until they have undergone the test of memory. Like the images the photographer plunges into a golden bath, our sentiments take on color; and only then, after that recoil and that transfiguration, do we understand their real meaning and enjoy them in all their tranquil splendor.
I leave the house, I walk the streets, get melancholy, and come home again. 
Photography is a way of feeling, of touching, of loving. What you have caught on film is captured forever… It remembers little things, long after you have forgotten everything. 
It is a wise thing to be polite; consequently, it is a stupid thing to be rude. To make enemies by unnecessary and willful incivility, is just as insane a proceeding as to set your house on fire.
I simply can't relax. My mind is like a brook, always running, always seeking, always murmuring. 
Show me the most damaged parts of your soul, and I will show you how it still shines like gold. 
The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything. 
Don't think about what can happen in a month. Don't think about what can happen in a year. Just focus on the 24 hours in front of you and do what you can to get closer to where you want to be. 
It is very frustrating not to be understood in this world. If you say one thing and keep being told that you mean something else, it can make you want to scream. But somewhere in the world there is a place for all of us. 
Either give me more wine or leave me alone. 
In this world, there are things you can only do alone, and things you can only do with somebody else. It's important to combine the two in just the right amount.
We could have been happy. I know that, and it is perhaps the hardest thing to know.
Most of us are gifted with the ability to see the monsters hidden within another, but are unable to see past them. It takes a special kind of person to see the light inside of every living being. 
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost. 
I want to feel all there is to feel, he thought. Let me feel tired, now, let me feel tired. I mustn't forget, I'm alive, I know I'm alive, I mustn't forget it tonight or tomorrow or the day after that.
If you want to choose the pleasure of growth, prepare yourself for some pain. 
When we let go of our battles and open our heart to things as they are, then we come to rest in the present moment. This is the beginning and the end of spiritual practice. Only in this moment can we discover that which is timeless. Only here can we find the love that we seek. Love in the past is simply memory, and love in the future is fantasy. Only in the reality of the present can we love, can we awaken, can we find peace and understanding and connection with ourselves and the world. 
That's the way it is: If two people want to be together, they'll find a way. They'll forge a way.
Well, we all make mistakes, dear, so just put it behind you. We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us. 
It is brave to believe in even the slightest possibility that you may have what it takes to change the world, for it is often those with the most absurd and outrageous beliefs who make all the difference. 
The bravest thing you can ever do is to stay kind and soft, even when the world has been cruel to you. 
Forward is forward. You're taking steps every day to get to where you want to be, and it's enough. No matter how fast or slow you go, you're enough.
We know you're tired, tired and scared. Happens to everyone, okay? Just don't let your feet stop. 
I am tired. These people make me feel I have a hole in the middle of me.
I just want you to know that you're very special; and the only reason I'm telling you is that I don't know if anyone else ever has. 
Stars should not be seen alone. That's why there are so many. Two people should stand together and look at them. One person alone will surely miss the good ones. 
You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don't have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.
Nobody ever really knows how much anyone else is hurting. You could be standing next to somebody who is completely broken and you wouldn't even know it. That's why you should always try to be kind. 
I do not miss childhood, but I miss the way I took pleasure in small things, even as greater things crumbled. I could not control the world I was in, could not walk away from things or people or moments that hurt, but I took joy in the things that made me happy.
One of the risks of being quiet is that the other people can fill your silence with their own interpretation: You're bored. You're depressed. You're shy. You're stuck up. You're judgmental. When others can't read us, they write their own story — not always one we choose or that's true to who we are. 
Keep going. Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.
I am someone who thinks and feels much – more than is reasonable. And that is all.
If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, don't worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.
There is a time in life when you expect the world to be always full of new things. And then comes a day when you realize that is not how it will be at all. You see that life will become a thing made of holes. Absences. Losses. Things that were there and are no longer. And you realize, too, that you have to grow around and between the gaps, though you can put your hand out to where things were and feel that tense, shining dullness of the space where the memories are.
People think dreams aren't real just because they aren't made of matter, of particles. Dreams are real. But they are made of viewpoints, of images, of memories and puns and lost hopes. 
And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good.
The moon is a loyal companion. It never leaves. It's always there, watching, steadfast, knowing us in our light and dark moments, changing forever just as we do. Every day it's a different version of itself. Sometimes weak and wan, sometimes strong and full of light. The moon understands what it means to be human. Uncertain. Alone. Cratered by imperfections.
The fact that I'm silent doesn't mean I have nothing to say. 
No matter how careful you are, there's going to be the sense you missed something, the collapsed feeling under your skin that you didn't experience it all. There's that fallen heart feeling that you rushed right through the moments where you should've been paying attention.
I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you. 
It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace. 
What we can or cannot do, what we consider possible or impossible, is rarely a function of our true capability. It is more likely a function of our beliefs about who we are. 
I think too deeply about everything. I still don't know if that allows me to see more of the world, or less of it. 
We're all so desperate to be understood, we forget to be understanding. 
Sleep is the most innocent creature there is and a sleepless man is the most guilty. 
But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin.
Words never mean what we want them to mean.
You can never completely know anyone, no matter how well you think you do. There will always be some truth about them you don't ever get to know.
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed. 
How I wish I could hug everyone and tell them that it's okay. It's okay to be scared and angry and hurt and selfish. It's part of being human. 
I guess my life hasn't always been happy, or easy, or exactly what I wanted. At a certain point, I just have to try not to think too much about certain things, or else they'll break my heart. 
I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more. 
I do my best thinking at night when everyone else is sleeping. No interruptions. No noise. I like the feeling of being awake when no one else is.
You need to fight your mind every time it tries to convince you that you are: not good enough, criticized, too serious, not interesting, not wanted, excluded, rejected, or laughed at. 
If pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible.
Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.
There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.
Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.
Closing your eyes isn't going to change anything. Nothing's going to disappear just because you can't see what's going on. In fact, things will even be worse the next time you open your eyes. That's the kind of world we live in. Keep your eyes wide open. Only a coward closes his eyes. Closing your eyes and plugging up your ears won't make time stand still.
It's not selfish to do whatever is best for yourself. 
We're so caught up in our everyday lives that events of the past, like ancient stars that have burned out, are no longer in orbit around our minds. There are just too many things we have to think about every day, too many new things we have to learn. New styles, new information, new technology, and new terminology … But still, no matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away. They remain with us forever, like a touchstone.
Every one of us is losing something precious to us. Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back again. That's part of what it means to be alive. 
What makes us the most normal, is knowing that we're not normal.
I think we all wish we could erase some dark times in our lives. But all of life's experiences, bad and good, make you who you are. Erasing any of life's experiences would be a great mistake. 
There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn't.
Endings are not bad things. They just mean that something else is about to begin. 
I felt like crying but nothing came out. It was just a sort of sad sickness, sick sad, when you can't feel any worse. I think you know it. I think everybody knows it now and then. But I think I have known it pretty often, too often. 
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people. 
In spite of everything, I still believe people are really good at heart.
The thing is, being lonely is like walking in the cold without a coat. It's uncomfortable, but eventually you go numb. Once you get used to not being lonely, though, the shock of going back is like having your down comforter yanked off at six o'clock on a Minnesota December morning.
The answer is dreams. Dreaming on and on. Entering the world of dreams and never coming out. Living in dreams for the rest of time. 
If you were born with the weakness to fall, you were born with the strength to rise.
The world gives you so much pain and here you are making gold out of it — there is nothing purer than that.
You cannot change what you are, only what you do.
I like people who have a sense of individuality. I love expression and anything awkward and imperfect, because that's natural and that's real. 
It's spring, you're young, you're lovely, you have a right to be happy. Come back into the world.
Nothing that's worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.
There are some things about myself I can't explain to anyone. There are some things I don't understand at all. I can't tell what I think about things or what I'm after. I don't know what my strengths are or what I'm supposed to do about them. But if I start thinking about these things in too much detail the whole thing gets scary. And if I get scared I can only think about myself. I become really self
And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can't ever be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it's already happened.
Maybe you have to know the darkness before you can appreciate the light. 
If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way. 
I don't feel particularly proud of myself. But when I walk alone in the woods or lie in the meadows, all is well.
We are all a people in need. We are not perfect. We are not machines. We make mistakes. We need grace. We need compassion. We need help at times. We need other people. And that's okay. 
Time is irreversible, because some things are only meant to be felt once. Mistakes are vital in the process of being human, fortunately for us, there is hope; a possibility that if we're given that moment again, chances are we'll do it right. 
In certain areas of my life, I actively seek out solitude. Especially for someone in my line of work, solitude is, more or less, an inevitable circumstance. Sometimes, however, this sense of isolation, like acid spilling out of a bottle, can unconsciously eat away at a person's heart and dissolve it. You could see it, too, as a kind of double
Who are you to judge the life I live? I know I'm not perfect — and I don't live to be — but before you start pointing fingers, make sure you hands are clean! 
There are epic love stories that end in tragedy and then there are people who just float at a baseline of emotion. No love, no loss. I think it's better to experience it all; everything good, bad and terrifyingly ugly in this world. Otherwise, we'll just walk around numb, and what kind of life is that? 
There is a terrible emptiness in me, an indifference that hurts.
The sharpest minds often ruin their lives by overthinking the next step, while the dull win the race with eyes closed. 
Most people are not looking for provable truths. As you said, truth is often accompanied by intense pain, and almost no one is looking for painful truths. What people need is beautiful, comforting stories that make them feel as if their lives have some meaning.
In other words, let's face it: Life is basically unfair. But even in a situation that's unfair, I think it's possible to seek out a kind of fairness. Of course, that might take time and effort. And maybe it won't seem to be worth all that. It's up to each individual to decide whether or not it is.
Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort. 
I have a very old and very faithful attachment for dogs. I like them because they always forgive.
I want excitement; and I don't care what form it takes or what I pay for it, so long as it makes my heart beat. 
So, what if, instead of thinking about solving your whole life, you just think about adding additional good things. One at a time. Just let your pile of good things grow. 
I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough.
You need to spend time crawling alone through shadows to truly appreciate what it is to stand in the sun. 
There is a different between solitude and isolation. One is connected and one isn't. Solitude replenishes, isolation diminishes. 
I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves. 
I appreciate your concern. None of this is your fault. It's me. It's me and my head. 
I will not have you without the darkness that hides within you. I will not let you have me without the madness that makes me. If our demons cannot dance, neither can we. 
The body needs to create too. Beware feeling you're not good enough to deserve it. Beware feeling you're too good to need it. Beware all the hatred you've stored up inside you, and the locks tender places. 
Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them. 
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to you can achieve on your journey through life, except in what your mind.
It is okay to be at a place of struggle. Struggle is just another word for growth. Even the most evolved beings find themselves in a place of struggle now and then. In fact, struggle is a sure sign to them that they are expanding; it is their indication of real and important progress. The only one who doesn't struggle is the one who doesn't grow. So if you are struggling right now, see it as a terrific sign — and celebrate your struggle. 
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform. 
To make a difference in someone's life, you don't have to be brilliant, rich, beautiful or perfect. You just have to care. 
You deserve to need me, not have me.
If there's one thing I've learned, it's this: We all want everything to be okay. We don't even wish so much for fantastic or marvelous or outstanding. We will happily settle for okay, because most of the time, okay is enough.
Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality – not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure. 
But who can say what's best? That's why you need to grab whatever chance you have of happiness where you find it, and not worry about other people too much. My experience tells me that we get no more than two or three such chances in a life time, and if we let them go, we regret it for the rest of our lives.
A moment lasts all of a second, but the memory lives on forever. 
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
Every one of us is losing something precious to us. Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back again. That's part of what it means to be alive. 
Someday, somewhere — anywhere, unfailingly, you'll find yourself, and that, and only that, can be the happiest or bitterest hour of your life. 
I've been searching for ways to heal myself, and I've found that kindness is the best way. 
For a dreamer, night's the only time of the day. 
That is why I write — to try to turn sadness into longing, solitude into remembrance. 
I think that's what's wrong with the world; no one says what they really feel, they always hold it inside. They're sad, but they don't cry. They're happy, but they don't dance or sing. They're angry, but they don't scream. Because if they do, they feel ashamed and that's the worst feeling in the world. So everyone walks with their heads down and no one sees how beautiful the sky is... 
I can't make you understand. I can't make anyone understand what is happening inside me. I can't even explain it to myself.
What I like about photographs is that they capture a moment that's gone forever, impossible to reproduce. 
We are all different. Don't judge, understand instead. 
Our generation thinks it's cool not to care. It's not. Effort is cool. Caring is cool. Staying loyal is cool. Try it out. 
Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of yours. 
The great thing about this life of ours is that you can be someone different to anybody.
But what is memory if not the language of feeling, a dictionary of faces and days and smells which repeat themselves like the verbs and adjectives in a speech, sneaking in behind the thing itself,into the pure present, making us sad or teaching us vicariously. 
Being alone never felt right. Sometimes it felt good, but it never felt right. 
When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost 
Anybody can look at you. It's quite rare to find someone who sees the same world you see.
Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to you can achieve on your journey through life, except in what your mind.
Hoping for the best, prepared for the worst, and unsurprised by anything in between.
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet. 
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent. 
I don't trust anyone who doesn't laugh. 
You are the sum total of everything you've ever seen, heard, eaten, smelled, been told, forgot it's all there. Everything influences each of us, and because of that I try to make sure that my experiences are positive. 
The cost of not following your heart is spending the rest of your life wishing you had. 
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back. 
What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. 
You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.
Every soul bleeds. Every soul hurts. Not like a skin cut, but deeper and stronger. It wounds us in a way we have never felt before. 
Tell me darling, would you still love me If I told you about the monsters I need to sing to sleep every night? If you understood the way I need to tiptoe across my own mind so I can fall asleep before daylight? If you knew where the nightmares came from, if you saw my scarred soul, would being with me terrify you? If you knew the full extent of the damage they have done to me, would you stay, would you still want to?
The heart is so tired of beating herself up, she wants to stop it still, but also she wants the blood to return, wants to bring in the thrill and wind of the ride, the fast pull of life driving underneath her.
I make myself come alive in my happy instinct for destruction.
I'm guilty of giving people more chances than they deserve but when I'm done, I'm done. 
Let me tell you this: if you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it's not because they enjoy solitude. It's because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.
If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.
If you are chronically down, it is a lifelong fight to keep from sinking.
I have this strange feeling that I'm not myself anymore. It's hard to put in words, but I guess it's like I was fast asleep, and someone came, disassembled me, and hurriedly put me back together again. That sort of feeling.
Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken. 
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. 
You're the kind of soul anyone would be lucky to be with, and you don't even know it, the great ones never do. 
We must understand that sadness is an ocean, and sometimes we drown, while other days we are forced to swim. 
Keep love in your heart. A life without it, is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. 
Loving me isn't easy. I have sharp edges; I have missing parts. 
The flower does not see its own beauty.
Words don't come out when you're hurt that deeply. 
I happen to like the strange ones. People who look normal and leads normal lives – they're the ones you have to watch out for.
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
I don't care what you do to me, but I don't want you to hurt me. I've had enough hurt already in my life. More than enough. Now I want to be happy. 
Some things in life are out of your control. You can make it a party or a tragedy.
I hope you find someone you can't live without. I really do. And I hope you never have to know what it's like to have to try and live without them.
It's a dark place, not knowing. It's difficult to surrender to. But I guess it's where we live most of the time. I guess it's where we all live, so maybe it doesn't have to be so lonely. Maybe I can settle into it, cozy up to it, make a home inside uncertainty.
I've been hurt so bad and I still love so hard. I admire my heart for that.
I have discovered that insanity and writing are not much different; Insanity is just more bearable past midnight. 
Nobody else will ever be able to save me if I'm not fighting as hard as I can to save myself.
What a terrible feeling to love someone and not be able to help them.
The more you look into and understand yourself, the less judgmental you become towards others. 
When you stand in front of me and look at me, what do you know of the griefs that are in me and what do I know of yours? And if I were to cast myself down before you and weep and tell you, what more would you know about me than you know about Hell when someone tells you it is hot and dreadful? For that reason alone we human beings ought to stand before one another as reverently, as reflectively, as lovingly, as we would before the entrance to Hell. 
If you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all. 
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. 
But the heart has its own memory and I have forgotten nothing.
What matters is deciding in your heart to accept another person completely. When you do that, it is always the first time and the last.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
I am still learning. 
Words that come from the heart are never spoken, they get caught in the throat and can only be read in one's eyes. 
I am a collection of dismantled almost.
I feel very small. I don't understand. I have so much courage, fire, energy, for many things, yet I get so hurt, so wounded by small things.
I'm in pain because the day is ending and somehow I am never healing.
Suddenly she realized that what she was regretting was not the lost past but the lost future, not what had not been but what would never be.
I'm not everything I want to be, but I'm more than I was, and I'm still learning.
I understand that nobody understands me, but I can't be someone I'm not. 
If ever you were in the vicinity of a loner, you might believe there is tranquility in solitude, but if ever you were a loner, you know solitude is an escape from the pandemonium in a world that never could hear you screaming. 
You were hurt badly, and those scars will be with you for ever. I feel sorry for you, I really do. But think of it like this: it's not too late to recover. You're young, you're tough. You're adaptable. You can patch up your wounds, lift up your head and move on.
That is my story, simply told. Please do not ask again. I have told you in order to issue a warning. I have been damaged. Damaged people are dangerous. They know they can survive.
You are your own worst enemy. It is your negative thoughts that hold you back, nothing else. 
Love is a choice. It's not something that just happens to us, but something that we actively decide to give and receive. It requires effort, commitment, and sacrifice, but it can also bring great rewards. 
Just remember that, sometimes, the way you think about a person isn't the way they actually are…
It takes ten times as long to put yourself together as it does to fall apart.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Everyone says love hurts, but that is not true. Loneliness hurts. Rejection hurts. Losing someone hurts. Envy hurts. Everyone gets these things confused with love, but in reality love is the only thing in this world that covers up all pain and makes someone feel wonderful again. Love is the only thing in this world that does not hurt. 
Please, I want so badly for the good things to happen. 
Never let fear and stupid pride make you lose someone who's precious to you.
The sad truth is that certain types of things can't go backward. Once they start going forward, no matter what you do, they can't go back the way they were. If even one little thing goes awry, then that's how it will stay forever. 
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you.
I believe that suffering is part of the narrative, and that nothing really good gets built when everything's easy. I believe that loss and emptiness and confusion often give way to new fullness and wisdom. 
I mean, say that you figure that everything is senseless, then it can't be quite senseless because you are aware that it's senseless and your awareness of senselessness almost gives it sense. You know what I mean?
True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning.
Accept yourself as you are. And that is the most difficult thing in the world, because it goes against your training, education, your culture. From the very beginning you've been told how you should be; nobody has ever told you that you are good as you are. 
What is the biggest thing that stops people from living their lives in the present moment? Fear — and we must learn how to overcome fear. 
Time is tricky. You have whole months, even years, when nothing changes a speck, when you don't go anywhere or do anything or think one new thought. And then you can get hit with a day, or an hour, or a half a second when so much happens it's almost like you got born all over again into some brand
There are some things about myself I can't explain to anyone. There are some things I don't understand at all. I can't tell what I think about things or what I'm after. I don't know what my strengths are or what I'm supposed to do about them. But if I start thinking about these things in too much detail the whole thing gets scary.
It's not just other people we need to forgive. We also need to forgive ourselves. For all the things we didn't do. All the things we should have done. 
It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be. 
As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.
Please remember: things are not what they seem.
I was always hungry for love. Just once, I wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it — to be fed so much love I couldn't take any more. Just once. 
I close my eyes, but I can't fall asleep, my body dying for rest while my mind's wide awake.
Instead of saying I'm damaged, I'm broken, I have trust issues say I'm healing, I'm rediscovering myself, I'm starting over. 
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised. 
Music seems to hold everything together. It seems to make things not so chaotic sometimes. It seems to make things make more sense sometimes. 
Forget everything. Open the windows. Clear the room. The wind blows through it. You see only its emptiness, you search in every corner and don't find yourself.
For the moment I am really very, very tired of everything — more than tired. 
I want to calm down, to rest, to outlive this nonsense. 
We have calcium in our bones, iron in our veins, carbon in our souls, and nitrogen in our brains. 93 percent stardust, with souls made of flames, we are all just stars that have people names. 
I must change my life so that I can live it, not wait for it. 
Nobody can teach me who I am. You can describe parts of me, but who I am, and what I need, is something I have to find out myself. 
I still look back on those evenings we spent together as the happiest part of my life, and I wanted it to go on forever. 
I think you lost all interest in this world. You were disappointed and discouraged, and lost interest in everything. So you abandoned your physical body. You went to a world apart and you're living a different kind of life there. In a world inside you.
Not everyone likes me but not everyone matters. 
As soon as healing takes place, go out and heal someone else. 
I had a weird, empty feeling inside me. Not a bad sort of empty. It was a sort of lack of sensation, like being in pain for a long time and then suddenly realizing that you're not anymore.
It's okay if I'm not your favorite chapter you have written, but I hope you sometimes smile when you flip back to the pages I was still apart of. 
If you feel lost, you just have to start trying anything and everything. Only action brings change. You can't just sit there and overthink it. 
In my eyes, good conversation is the birthplace of true attraction. So open up and share with me every encounter and experience that shaped you into who you are today. Tell me all about your hopes and dreams and captivate me with your passions. Arouse my curiosity and you'll have my attention. 
The thing I'm most afraid of is me. Of not knowing what I'm going to do. Of not knowing what I'm doing right now.
I see myself forever and ever as the ridiculous person, the lonely soul, the wanderer, the restless frustrated artist, the person in love with love, always in search of the absolute, always seeking the unattainable. 
I felt utterly alone, like I was the last person alive on Earth. I can't describe that feeling of total loneliness. I just wanted to disappear into thin air and not think about anything.
Take care not to invest all of your strength and energy on keeping up appearances or disguising your insecurities when what's really essential to projecting a secure, confident presence is developing a healthy self-esteem and a kind and courageous heart. 
I'm not all that smart. It takes me a while to understand things. But if I do have the time, I will come to understand you — better than anyone else in the world.
I'm the kind of person who likes to be by himself. To put a finer point on it, I'm the type of person who doesn't find it painful to be alone.
Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and people we're quoting. 
Most people carry that pain around inside them their whole lives, until they kill the pain by other means, or until it kills them. But you, my friends, you found another way: a way to use the pain. To burn it as fuel, for light and warmth. You have learned to break the world that has tried to break you. 
I have a mind like ocean waves. Shifting always, too violent or too gentle, burning like salt water. Come too close and I worry that I will swallow you.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside of you that is greater than any obstacle. 
Whatever someone you become, and wherever you are in the world, I'm sending you love. You're my friend to the end. 
You go your way, I'll go your way too. 
You remember your first love because they show you, prove to you, that you can love and be loved, that nothing in this world is deserved except for love, that love is both how you become a person and why.
Did I really want to stay on this road longer, knowing it was only going to end in devastation? 
When people walk away from you, let them go. Your destiny is never tied to someone who leaves you. And it doesn't mean they are bad people, it just means that their part in your story is over. 
Scare the world: Be exactly who you say you are and tell the truth. 
Letting go. Everyone talks about it like it's the easiest thing. Unfurl your fingers one by one until your hand is open. But my hand has been clenched into a fist for… years now; it's frozen shut. 
Falling asleep is a kinda crazy. You just lay there until you lose consciousness. If you think about it you can't sleep. You can lay down. You can close your eyes. But you can't sleep, it just happens. 
He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same. 
Soon you'll realize that many people will love the idea of you but will lack the maturity to handle the reality of you. 
It's weird to feel like you miss someone you're not even sure you know.
I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now and live in it forever. 
Living in the past won't save you from the future. 
You'll likely end up disappointed if you think people will care for you the way you care for them. Not everybody has your heart. 
The term 
The mind can't explain it, and you can't make it go away. It's called love.
I'm sorry. I know you've been looking for something and this isn't it. 
I want to rest. I want to breathe quietly again. 
The universe is seeming really huge right now… I need something to hold on to. 
We met at the wrong time. That's what I keep telling myself anyway. Maybe one day years from now, we'll meet in a coffee shop in a faraway city somewhere and we could give it another shot. 
My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them. 
You can love someone so much. But if they don't want to be saved, nothing will save them. Not even love. 
Photography is an art of observation. It has little to do with the things you see and everything to do with the way you see them 
You will always struggle with not feeling productive until you accept that your own joy can be something you produce. It is not the only thing you will make, nor should it be, but it is something valuable and beautiful.
I am longing to be with you, and by the sea, where we can talk together freely and build our castles in the air.
Maybe experiencing death once doesn't prepare you for experiencing it again. Death isn't something you can practice.
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you lost. 
I can tell you're not yourself lately and I hope wherever you've gone, you feel free. 
You must write, and read, as if your life depends on it. 
I am both worse and better than you thought.
I feel myself shutting down, closing off, like I should tell people, No, we don't use this heart anymore. It's too fragile.
Marianne had the sense that her real life was happening somewhere very far away, happening without her, and she didn't know if she would ever find out where it was or become part of it.
Let the water settle; you will see the moon and stars mirrored in your being. 
Dreams are only dreams until you wake up and make them real.
The world is made up of people who try for things and people who sit on the sidelines watching them.
I have hated words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right.
You don't remember what happened. What you remember comes after what happened. 
And it's the most beautiful thing I've ever witnessed. That a creature like you exists in my world. 
I'll come around if you ever want to be in love. 
We need to forgive ourselves for all the things we didn't do. All the things we should have done. You can't get stuck on the regrets of what should have happened. 
I think part of the reason people take photos is because they're afraid that moment will never happen again. 
We are all ordinary. We are all boring. We are all shy. We are all bold. We are all heroes. We are all helpless. It just depends on the day. 
You rarely regret the things you do, but always the things you don't.
For a star to be born, there is one thing that must happen: a gaseous nebula must collapse. So collapse. Crumble. This is not your destruction. This is your birth. 
Don't think. It complicates things. Just feel, and if it feels like home, then follow its path. 
When you come back, you will not be you. And I may not be I. 
Saying nothing sometimes says the most. 
It's all right to love someone that doesn't love you back, as long as they're worth you loving them. As long as they deserve it. 
Because once you hear something, you can never return to the time before you heard it. 
I've always done whatever I felt like doing in life. People may try to stop me, and convince me I'm wrong, but I won't change.
True love stories never have endings. 
I'm attracted to the extreme light and the extreme dark. I'm interested in the human condition and what makes people tick. I'm interested in the things people try to hide. 
You don't need to force yourself to like me; I don't even like myself much.
She was the kind of person who took care of things by herself. She'd never ask anybody for advice or help. It wasn't a matter of pride, I think. She just did what seemed natural to her. 
People often ask me questions that I cannot very well answer in words, and it makes me sad to think they are unable to hear the voice of my silence. 
I mustn't look at you too much, or I won't be able to take my eyes off you at all. 
You're important to me. I think if there's anything that will last forever, it's that. Whether we separate, stay in touch or rarely speak again, you will always be that little someone I really do care for, that I would sacrifice everything for to protect and keep safe.
Truth is, the best revenge is seeking none at all and investing that energy in your own health and progress, prioritizing personal goals you've been neglecting, and working toward creating a passionate, prosperous and fulfilling future of your own.
When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time. You'd be shocked at how many adults are really dead inside — walking through their days with no idea who they are.
Nothing is quite as beautiful as someone who has survived losing everything and still has a tender heart. 
Probably someone should take this girl in his arms and hold her tight, I thought. Probably someone other than me. Someone qualified to give her something. 
You can keep as quiet as you like, but one of these days somebody is going to find you.
I am not actually tired, but numb and heavy, and can't find the right words. 
Being quiet doesn't always signify weakness. Sometimes it takes great strength to find that silence. Sometimes it takes incredible strength to survive.
I've learned that you can tell a lot about a person by the way he handles these three things: a rainy day, lost luggage, and tangled Christmas tree lights. 
Sometimes its the small things that give us hope and make life bearable.
You must allow yourself to outgrow and depart from certain eras of your life with a gentle sort of ruthlessness. 
You'll ache. And you're going to love it. It will crush you. And you're still going to love all of it. Doesn't it sound lovely beyond belief?
Someone, somewhere, is searching for you in every person they meet. 
Home is where you feel at home. I'm still looking. 
Never forget that once upon a time, in an unguarded moment, you recognized yourself as a friend.
But it's nice to think so for a while, to think that childhood has its own sweet secrets and confirms mortality, and that mortality defines all courage and love. To think that what has looked forward must also look back, and that each life makes its own imitation of immortality: a wheel.
Before you find your soul mate, you must first discover your soul. 
What's the point of having a voice if you're gonna be silent in those moments you shouldn't be?
Having confidence doesn't mean that people will automatically like you. It means that you believe in your purpose and you don't care if anyone in particular likes you or not. 
When you're a kid, you think your parents are invincible and all
You inspired me. For that, you are worth every inch of love I had to give.
Don't force someone to make time for you, if they really want to, they will. 
Fear can't hurt you. When it washes over you, give it no power. It's a snake with no venom. Remember that. That knowledge can save you.
Until you heal the wounds of your past, you are going to bleed. You can bandage the bleeding with food, with alcohol, with drugs, with work, with cigarettes, with sex; but eventually it will all ooze through and stain your life. You must find the strength to open the wounds, stick your hand inside, pull out the core of the pain that is holding you in your past the memories and make peace with them. 
I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hate so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain.
People believe exactly what they want to believe – and they want most of all to believe in their own fears.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. 
People don't change, not inside. They may put on different masks, but they're always the same underneath.
No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education. 
Love who you love while you have them. That's all you can do. Let them go when you must. If you know how to love, you'll never run out.
Maybe, the only thing that has to make sense about being somebody's friend is that you help them be their best self on any given day. That you give them a home when they don't want to be in their own.
You can blame yourself for anything if you think about it long enough. 
For the most part, you don't hold the people you love in your heart because they rescued you from drowning or pulled you from a burning house. Mostly you hold them in your heart because they save you, in a million quiet and perfect ways, from being alone.
It's hard to hate someone once you understand them. 
The first rule of any game was to assume you could win, even if you had to hunt through the universe's cracks for a strategy, even if you had to turn the pieces inside
All things are meltable, and replaceable. Not at this moment, but soon enough, we are lambs and we are leaves, and we are stars, and the shining, mysterious pond water itself.
If a man can look into himself and admit his limits, then his behavior towards his fellow man, the city, and nature is right. 
I knew I could be brave. I already had been for a very long time.
I used to imagine adventures for myself. I invented a life, so that I could at least exist somehow. 
I had no idea what I wanted, only that I wanted something, which is the worst kind of wanting. 
Don't let the concept of change scare you as much as the prospect of remaining unhappy. 
We often want it so badly that we ruin it before it begins. Overthinking. Fantasizing. Imagining. Expecting. Worrying. Doubting. Just let it naturally evolve. 
Sometimes people put up walls, not only to keep people out, but also to see who cares enough to tear them down.
Don't apologize for your feelings. Never apologize for those.
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves; it is not my nature. My attachments are always excessively strong.
A compass doesn't tell you where you are, and it doesn't tell you where you have to go. It can only point you in a direction. It's up to you to always find your true north.
I think there is beauty in everything. What normal people perceive as ugly, I can usually see something of beauty in it. 
So many versions of just one memory, and yet none of them were right or wrong. Instead, they were all pieces. Only when fitted together, edge to edge, could they even begin to tell the whole story.
I will surround you with a love too deep for words. 
I want to feel my life while I'm in it. 
Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing. 
I do not believe that things will turn out well; but the idea that they might — that is of vital importance. 
Hope is a waking dream. 
Sometimes it's better not to look back. 
Be the type of person you want to meet. 
It had been a long day, and I don't mind saying that I cried a little bit. There is nothing wrong with crying at the end of a long day. 
It is hard to describe loss to someone who has never experienced it, impossible to explain all the ways it changes you. But for those who have, not a single word is needed.
Above all else, it is about leaving a mark that I existed: I was here. I was hungry. I was defeated. I was happy. I was sad. I was in love. I was afraid. I was hopeful. I had an idea and I had a good purpose and that's why I made works of art. 
It is true that I miss intelligent companionship, but there are so few with whom I can share the things that mean so much to me that I have learned to contain myself. It is enough that I am surrounded with beauty.
Everything that happens helps you grow, even if it's hard to see right now. 
Never settle for potential and promise. Words are only words until they are actions. Don't settle for less than what you deserve. 
Life, now, was unfolding before me, constantly and visibly, like the flowers of summer that drop fan-like petals on eternal soil.
If you can't win, you have to resist. 
You're always you, and that don't change, and you're always changing, and there's nothing you can do about it.
You can never visit the same place twice. Each time, it's a different story. By the very act of coming back, you wipe out what came before.
You never forget. It must be somewhere inside of you. Even if the brain has forgotten, perhaps the teeth remember. Or the fingers. 
You remind me of parts of myself that I will never have a chance to meet. 
You are never quite alone when you are in a bookstore. So many voices are jammed into one place, it's impossible to feel alone.
Anyone who has ever struggled with poverty knows how extremely expensive it is to be poor.
If I had words to speak such a thing, I would have. But there were none that seemed big enough for it, to hold that swelling truth.
If speaking kindly to plants can help them grow, just imagine what speaking kindly to humans can do. 
And when old words die out on the tongue, new melodies break forth from the heart; and where the old tracks are lost, new country is revealed with its wonders. 
The way you can memorize someone's gestures but never know their thoughts. And the feeling that people are like house with vast rooms and tiny windows. The way you can feel so exposed, anyway.
When a question has no correct answer, there is only one honest response. The gray area between yes and no. Silence.
The fact is that five years ago I was, as near as possible, a different person to what I am tonight. I, as I am now, didn't exist at all. Will the same thing happen in the next five years? I hope so. 
Some people have a million hearts while others have none. 
There are only patterns, patterns on top of patterns, patterns that affect other patterns. Patterns hidden by patterns. Patterns within patterns. If you watch close, history does nothing but repeat itself. What we call chaos is just patterns we haven't recognized. What we call random is just patterns we can't decipher. what we can't understand we call nonsense. What we can't read we call gibberish. There is no free will. There are no variables. 
Pain changes us in a way that can be either great or destructive. In both cases the change can't be undone. 
Don't lose yourself. Know your worth. Leave what isn't for you. Save space for people who matter. 
These are the days that must happen to you. 
Despite what your brain is telling you, you don't have all the time in the world. One day you'll wonder where all that time went.
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. 
In oneself lies the whole world, and if you know how to look and learn, then the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either that key or the door to open, except yourself. 
We were the wrong age for love and yet it was all we could think about. 
Once you are in a relationship you start taking each other for granted. That's what destroys all love affairs. The woman thinks she knows the man, the man thinks he knows the woman. Nobody knows either. It is impossible to know the other, the other remains a mystery. And to take the other for granted is insulting, disrespectful. 
There are all kinds of love in this world, but never the same love twice.
I think if what you'd do for your last day on Earth doesn't look like a pretty normal day for you, you probably need to reexamine your life.
The appearance of things changes according to the emotions, and thus we see magic and beauty in them, while the magic and beauty are really in ourselves. 
Don't look away. Look straight at everything. Look it all in the eye, good and bad. 
That's the nice thing about being human. We only have one life, but we can choose what kind of story it's going to be. 
People don't usually leave behind their life's work, but they also don't usually leave behind their families.
I've learned that you can tell a lot about a person by the way he handles these three things: a rainy day, lost luggage, and tangled Christmas tree lights. 
I'd rather be hated for who I am, rather than be loved for who I am not. 
You'll end up really disappointed if you think people will do for you as you will do for them. Not everyone has the same heart as you. 
We do not condemn it because it is a crime, but it is a crime because we condemn it. 
Anyone who has actually been that sad can tell you that there's nothing beautiful or literary or mysterious about depression.
You know. Life's short. If you don't try new things, you'll never know what you're best at. And you can only make time or new things by quitting the things you know don't work for you. 
The thing is, when you lose someone, you realize you'll eventually lose everyone… And once you know that, you can never forget it.
Some words stay in your head long after they're spoken. 
I just wanted you to know there will be a piece of you in me. Always. 
Be with someone who makes your Mondays feel like Fridays. 
I hate men who are afraid of women's strength. 
Even when this world is a forgotten whisper of dust between the stars, I will always love you. 
I wanted to look ahead to where I was going, not back at what I was leaving, but then I turned anyway. 
I'm sorry to all the people I hurt whilst I was hurting. 
I hate this feeling. Like I'm here, but I'm not. Like someone cares. But they don't. Like I belong somewhere else, anywhere but here, and escape lies just past that snowy window, cool and crisp…
Alone or not, you gotta walk forward. 
Perhaps it is true that we do not really exist until there is someone there to see us existing, we cannot properly speak until there is someone who can understand what we are saying in essence, we are not wholly alive until we are loved. 
No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope. 
I hope I haven't already driven past my greatest moments. I hope there is something beautiful on the horizon that's just as impatient as I am. Something so eager, It wants to meet me halfway.
We need, in love, to practice only this: letting each other go. For holding on comes easy; we do not need to learn it. 
Have you ever been in love? Horrible, isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. 
Time is tricky. You have whole months, even years, when nothing changes a speck, when you don't go anywhere or do anything or think one new thought. And then you can get hit eight a day, or an hour, or a half a second when so much happens it's almost like you got born all over again into some brand-new person you for damn sure never expected to meet. 
There has to be a middle. Without it, nothing can ever truly be whole. Because it is not just the space between, but also what holds everything together.
There is love in holding on and there is love in letting go. 
I am all in a sea of wonders. I doubt; I fear; I think strange things which I dare not confess to my own soul.
There is a kind of alchemy to it, when one human touches another and makes the aloneness less terrifying.
Sometimes you have to accept the fact that there are things that will never go back to how they used to be. 
Two souls don't find each other by simple accident. 
How wonderful it is, to be silent with someone. 
It's tough to get out of bed; I know that myself. You can lie there for an hour and a half without thinking anything, just worrying about what the day holds and knowing that you won't be able to deal with it.
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
Say it before you run out of time. Say it before it's too late. Say what you're feeling. Waiting is a mistake. 
We are our own dragons as well as our own heroes, and we have to rescue ourselves from ourselves.
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward. 
It's never too late while you're breathing.
The heart wants what it wants. There's no logic to these things. You meet someone and you fall in love and that's that. 
True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less. 
I will tell you what she was like. She was like a piano in a country where everyone has had their hands cut off. 
Sometimes it seemed to me like everyone I knew was wearing a mask, trying to hide who they really were. 
The image of the morning sun in a dewdrop is not less than the sun. The reflection of life in your soul is not less than life. 
Play me like I'm your favorite song. I know I might not be your favorite forever, but at least I was for a moment. 
A negative mind will never give you a positive life. 
I want to run into the foothills and scream into the canyons. I want my voice to echo and crack the ground beneath my feet.
It was the kind of kiss that made me know that I was never so happy in my whole life. 
Sometimes happiness looks like staying at home, minding your business, telling people no and doing you. 
A million dollars sounds like a lot, I know. Especially when you're young. But you can't let money erode your principles or you'll wind up with nothing.
We sometimes encounter people, even perfect strangers, who begin to interest us at first sight, somehow suddenly, all at once, before a word has been spoken.
I don't know how I can be so ambitious and so lazy at the same time.
Only the dead have seen the end of war. 
There are times to stay put, and what you want will come to you, and there are times to go out into the world and find such a thing for yourself. 
You have so many layers, that you can peel away a few, and everyone's so shocked or impressed that you're baring your soul, while to you it's nothing, because you know you've twenty more layers to go. 
I think the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him; he has created him in his own image and likeness. 
But that didn't mean those things weren't worth doing. Someone had to carry on with the small acts that kept civilization moving. And this time it was her turn.
Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance and order and rhythm and harmony. 
What does anyone know for certain except the sun will set tonight and come up tomorrow?
Most times, it's just a lot easier not to let the world know what's wrong.
Some words stay in your head long after they're spoken. 
Of course I'll hurt you. Of course you'll hurt me. Of course we will hurt each other. But this is the very condition of existence. To become spring, means accepting the risk of winter. To become presence, means accepting the risk of absence.
The shame of it was they both loved each other, but they were both too young to know how to love.
Write her a letter, send her a flower; love only gets old if you let it. 
May your love be modern enough to survive the times, but old-fashioned enough to last forever. 
Before you give up, think about why you held on for so long. 
When pain brings you down, don't be silly, don't close your eyes and cry; you just might be in the best position to see the sun shine. 
If you persistently seek validation from others, you will inadvertently invalidate your own self-worth. 
The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of the state of your mind. 
Well, I like to eat, sleep, drink, and be in love. I like to work, read, learn, and understand life. 
Every night I come to the same place and wait until the sky catches up with my mood. 
I don't really want to become normal, average, standard. I want merely to gain in strength, in the courage to live out my life more fully, enjoy more, experience more. I want to develop even more original and more unconventional traits. 
One heart is not connected to another through harmony alone. They are, instead, linked deeply through their wounds. Pain linked to pain, fragility to fragility. There is no silence without a cry of grief, no forgiveness without bloodshed, no acceptance without a passage through acute loss. That is what lies at the root of true harmony. 
The roots of all living things are tied together. Deep in the ground of being, they tangle and embrace. If we look deeply, we find that we do not have a separate self-identity, a self that does not include sun and wind, earth and water, creatures and plants, and one another. 
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them. 
When something bothered me, I didn't talk with anyone about it. I thought it over all by myself, came to a conclusion, and took action alone. Not that I really felt lonely. I thought that's just the way things are. Human beings, in the final analysis, have to survive on their own. 
Halls are full of strangers, even when you recognize the faces. 
When I look at the world I'm pessimistic, but when I look at people I am optimistic. 
Until we have seen someone's darkness, we don't really know who they are. Until we have forgiven someone's darkness, we don't really know what love is. 
How strange it is. We have these deep terrible lingering fears about ourselves and the people we love. Yet we walk around, talk to people, eat and drink. We manage to function. The feelings are deep and real. Shouldn't they paralyze us? How is it we can survive them, at least for a little while? We drive a car, we teach a class. How is it no one sees how deeply afraid we were, last night, this morning? Is it something we all hide from each other, by mutual consent? Or do we share the same secret without knowing it? Wear the same disguise? 
I want to look back and say that I was alive. That I didn't turn my back. That I tried. That I was happy.
And then something invisible snapped insider her, and that which had come together commenced to fall apart.
You can pretend for a long time, but one day it all falls away and you are alone. We are alone in the most beautiful place in the world.
Because no matter where you run, you just end up running into yourself.
A good test of a relationship is how well you both deal with challenges. If one person is more invested, it shows. If you're with the wrong person, it feels like too much work. But if you're unhappy more than you're happy, it's not the right relationship for you.
Make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing, or been too hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservation, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to a man than a secure future.
The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a shelter
There were days when she was very happy without knowing why. She was happy to be alive and breathing, when her whole being seemed to be one with the sunlight, the color, the odors, the luxuriant warmth of some perfect Southern day. She liked then to wander alone into strange and unfamiliar places. She discovered many a sunny, sleepy corner, fashioned to dream in. And she found it good to dream and to be alone and unmolested. There were days when she was unhappy, she did not know why—when it did not seem worth while to be glad or sorry, to be alive or dead; when life appeared to her like a grotesque pandemonium and humanity like worms struggling blindly toward inevitable annihilation. 
There are two kinds of people in this world: Those who believe there are two kinds of people in this world and those who are smart enough to know better.
Letting yourself get hurt isn't brave, love. Brave is protecting others from hurt.
People did change, and a change could be a bloom as well as a withering.
If you don't try at anything, you can't fail; it takes backbone to lead the life you want.
My point is, there are a lot of people in the world. No one ever sees everything the same way you do; it just doesn't happen. So when you find one person who gets a couple of things, especially if they're important ones, you might as well hold on to them. 
It was good, and nothing good is truly lost. It stays part of a person, becomes part of their character. So part of you goes everywhere with me. And part of me is yours, forever. 
Sometimes you need to lose yourself a few times before you can find yourself. 
This is your life and it's ending one moment at a time. 
It sucks that we miss people like that. You think you've accepted that someone is out of your life, that you've grieved and its over, and then bam. One little thing, and you feel like you've lost that person all over again. 
I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way. 
Once you lose someone, it is never exactly the same person who comes back. 
I won't say it wasn't meant to be, because it was. We were. Only for a short while, maybe. But we were. 
In the end you can't always choose what to keep. You can only choose how you let it go. 
And suddenly you know: It's time to start something new and trust the magic of beginnings. 
When I'm with you, I don't breathe quite right. 
I like sleep. My life has a tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know? 
I didn't come this far to only come this far. 
We tell our stories differently, don't we, you and I? 
You and I knew strange corners of life. 
All the bright, precious things fade so fast. And they don't come back. 
The sad truth is that the truth is sad. 
Sometimes you don't get closure, you just move on. 
I know that you think that you're on your own. But just know that I'm here, and I'll lead you home if you let me. 
I knew it wasn't too important, but it made me sad anyway. 
I think about you but I don't say it anymore. 
When a flower doesn't bloom, you fix the environment in which it grows, not the flower. 
Old ways won't open new doors. 
If you don't belong, don't be long. 
I don't want you to look at me and feel nothing. 
I need to be alone. I need to ponder my shame and my despair in seclusion; I need the sunshine and the paving stones of the streets without companions, without conversation, face to face with myself, with only the music of my heart for company. 
You were unsure which pain is worse: the shock of what happened or the ache for what never will. 
The things that go unsaid are often the things that eat at you – whether because you didn't get to have your say, or because the other person never got to hear you and really wanted to. 
I allow the truth to be the truth, no matter how much I might want it to be something else.
Brave doesn't mean you're not scared. It means you go on even though you're scared.
Sometimes you can do everything right and things will still go wrong. The key is to never stop doing right.
Sometimes people stop loving you. And that's the kind of darkness that never gets fixed, no matter how many moons rise again.
I want to look back and say that I was alive. That I didn't turn my back. That I tried. That I was happy.
However, I've learned that the heart can't be told when and who and how it should love. The heart does whatever the hell it wants to do. The only thing we can control is whether we give our lives and our minds the chance to catch up to our hearts.
Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.
Just because someone hurts you doesn't mean you can simply stop loving them. It's not a person's actions that hurt the most. It's the love. If there was no love attached to the action, the pain would be a little easier to bear.
Where the heart is really attached, I know very well how little one can be pleased with the attention of any body else.
You want to see people as extremes. Bad or good, trustworthy or not. I understand. It's easier that way. But that isn't how people work.
At an early age I learned that people make mistakes, and you have to decide if their mistakes are bigger than your love for them.
What I need and what I want are two very different things.
I always felt like I saw things differently. Saw things other people didn't.
By then I knew that everything good and bad left an emptiness when it stopped. But if it was bad, the emptiness filled up by itself. If it was good you could only fill it by finding something better. 
Too many people say something when they really have nothing to say.
It's our choices that matter in the end. Not wishes, not words, not promises.
Quitting is not hard. Deciding to quit is hard. Once you make that mental leap, the rest is easy.
Some things you can never leave behind. They don't belong to the past. They belong to you.
You should know, if you never open up you're never going to heal.
But how can you walk away from something and still come back to it?
Nights and days and days and nights, hundreds of them slipping through my fingers.
I was like a patient who cannot tell the doctor where it hurts, only that it does.
I was thinking how amazing it was that the world contained so many lives. Out in these streets people were embroiled in a thousand different matters, money problems, love problems, school problems. People were falling in love, getting married, going to drug rehab, learning how to ice
You ask everybody you know: How long does it usually take to get over it? There are many formulas. One year for every year you dated. Two years for every year you dated. It's just a matter of will power: The day you decide it's over, it's over. You never get over it.
You don't want to let go, but don't want to be hurt, either. It's not a great place to be but what can I tell you?
You'll understand why storms are named after people. 
You are not in love with me, not really, you just love the way I always made you feel. Like you were the center of my world. Because you were. I would have done anything for you. 
Once you know a thing you can't ever unknow it. 
Even those we love the most can be a poison to our souls. 
I've always liked the time before dawn because there's no one around to remind me who I am supposed to be, so it's easier to remember who I am. 
I can't think of any greater happiness than to be with you all the time. 
You can hate a place with all your heart and soul and still be homesick for it. 
Life is not like water. Things in life don't necessarily flow over the shortest possible route. 
The past is just a story we tell ourselves. 
It is very sad to me that some people are so intent on leaving their mark on the world that they don't care if that mark is a scar. 
Nothing haunts us like the things we don't say. 
I think its very healthy to spend time alone. You need to know how to be alone and not be defined by another person. 
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for. 
I'm not saying that everything is survivable. Just that everything except the last thing is. 
They may not have loved you, but they did change you. They taught you. They grew you. 
Well, let it pass there are all kinds of love in the world, but never the same love twice. 
Things hardly ever work on the first try. We'll make another, a better one. 
Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. 
Thomas Edison's last words were: It's very beautiful over there. I don't know where there is, but I believe it's somewhere, and I hope it's beautiful. 
This is not goodbye, my darling, this is a thank you. Thank you for coming into my life and giving me joy, thank you for loving me and receiving my love in return. Thank you for the memories I will cherish forever. but most of all, thank you for showing me that there will come a time when I can eventually let you go. 
Perhaps we may meet each other in a dream. 
I might be no better, but at least I am different. 
There's still a piece of me that can't let go of you. 
I know that you think that you're on your own. But just know that I'm here, and I'll lead you home if you let me. 
Whatever someone you become, and wherever you are in the world, I'm sending you love. You're my friend to the end. 
You must go on adventures to find out where you belong. 
I've never been very good at leaving things behind. I tried, but I have always left fragments of myself there too, like seeds awaiting their chance to grow. 
I swear I only want to hear about you, to know what you've been doing. Its a hundred years since we've met it may be another hundred years before we meet again. 
Perhaps somewhere, some day, at a less miserable time, we may see each other again. 
I got you to look after me, and you got me to look after you, and that's why.
To the ones who still believe in dreams: Chase them. Chase them until you're out of breath. Then, keep running. 
I knew it wasn't too important, but it made me sad anyway. 
If anything, it is waiting waiting for better days, even better moments that makes life worth living. 
You get a strange feeling when you're about to leave a place. Like you'll not only miss the people you love but you'll miss the person you are now at this time and this place because you'll never be this way ever again. 
I don't want you to look at me and feel nothing. 
When a flower doesn't bloom, you fix the environment in which it grows, not the flower. 
One day the sky will crack open and the stars will pour out in waves of moonlight and there is your love. 
Don't you ever get the feeling that all your life is going by and you are not taking advantage of it? 
There comes a point in a relationship when you realize that you trust someone enough to let them keep their secrets. 
Sometimes the most healing thing we can do is remind ourselves over and over and over: other people feel this too. 
Forgive yourself for not knowing what you didn't know before you learned it. 
There are some feelings you will never find words for; you will learn to name them after the ones who gave them to you. 
If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions. But we can't know better until knowing better is useless. 
Sometimes suffering is just suffering. It doesn't make you stronger. It doesn't build character. It only hurts. 
We tell our stories differently, don't we, you and I? 
But in that moment I understood what they say about nostalgia, that no matter if you're thinking of something good or bad, it always leaves you a little emptier afterwards. 
There was nothing to talk about anymore. The only thing to do was go. 
I'm not used to being loved. I wouldn't know what to do. 
When you come back, you will not be you. And I may not be I. 
Don't think. It complicates things. Just feel, and if it feels like home, then follow its path. 
How wonderful it is, to be silent with someone. 
It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty. 
We all go through phases in life. If you are not okay now, it's okay. You find your way. 
Close some doors today. Not because of pride, incapacity, or arrogance, but simply because they lead you nowhere. 
People don't always want to be with people. It gets tiring. 
You go your way, I'll go your way too. 
Be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. 
You are a minute of quiet in a loud shouting world. 
Whatever causes night in your soul may leave stars. 
I love that word. Forever. I love that forever doesn't exist, but we have a word for it and use it all the time. It's beautiful and doomed. 
Whatever happens tomorrow, we've had today. 
I feel myself shutting down, closing off, like I should tell people: No, we don't use this heart anymore. Its too fragile. 
I laughed and said: Life is easy. What I meant was, Life is easy with you here, and when you leave, it will be hard again. 
Almost. Its a big word for me. I feel it everywhere. Almost home. Almost happy. Almost changed. Almost, but not quite. Not yet. Soon, maybe. 
It had been a long day, and I don't mind saying that I cried a little bit. There is nothing wrong with crying at the end of a long day. 
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living. 
In my memory, it doesn't end. We just stay there, looking at each other, forever. 
Love isn't something you have to deserve. 
These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb. 
I am simply thankful for your existence whether I am meant to be a part of it or not. 
We'll never be those kids again. 
If someone makes you feel, let them. 
And suddenly you know: Its time to start something new and trust the magic of beginnings. 
We pretend that we don't care. But we care. 
Just remember that sometimes, the way you think about a person isn't the way they actually are. 
People go, but how they left always stays. 
When I'm with you, I don't breathe quite right. 
Everyone is a main character to someone. 
A couple of times in your life, it happens like that. you meet a stranger, and all you know is that you need to know everything about them. 
I hope you live a life you're proud of. If you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again. 
How amazing it is to find someone who wants to hear about all the things that go on in your head. 
I didn't know what to call it, what was happening between us, but I liked it. It felt silly and fragile and good. 
Please don't expect me to always be good and kind and loving. There are times when I will be cold and thoughtless and hard to understand. 
I knew that what was left of me would always love you, but never in quite the same way. 
Don't ever think that everyone who leaves wants to. 
It's a frightening thought, that in one fraction of a moment you can fall in the kind of love that takes a lifetime to get over. 
As long as we don't die, this is gonna be one hell of a story. 
You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will. 
Sooner or later, I'm going to have to think about it and then I'm going to be a mess. 
The fact is that five years ago I was, as near as possible, a different person to what I am tonight. I, as I am now, didn't exist at all. Will the same thing happen in the next five years? I hope so. 
I'm sorry to all the people I hurt whilst I was hurting. 
All change is not growth, just as all movement is not forward. 
Apologize to your body. Maybe that is where the healing begins. 
That's the nice thing about being human. We only have one life, but we can choose what kind of story it's going to be. 
Letting go. Everyone talks about it like it's the easiest thing. Unfurling your fingers one by one until your hand is open. But my hand has been clenched into a fist for years now; it's frozen shut. 
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for. 
You know. Life's short. If you don't try new things, you'll never know what you're best at. And you can only make time for new things by quitting the things you know don't work for you. 
I don't want just words. If that's all you have for me, you'd better go. 
I hope you will go out and let stories happen to you, and that you will work with these stories; water them with your blood and tears and your laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into bloom. 
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence. 
Do you ever realize how badly you're going to miss a moment while you're living it? Like wow, these are the good days. I am here and I am happy and I am alive. 
The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much and forgetting that you are special too. 
Some words stay in your head long after they're spoken. 
The sun will rise, and we will try again. 
This is what I like about photographs. They're proof that once, even if just for a heartbeat, everything was perfect. 
I used to build dreams about you. 
Just because things hadn't gone the way I had planned didn't necessarily mean they had gone wrong. 
There is a girl who still writes to you; she doesn't know how not to. 
You don't destroy people you care about. That's not how it works, that should never be an option. Choose laughter. Choose peace. Choose love. 
You must go on adventures to find out where you belong. 
And yet, you kept going. 
We are unusual and tragic and alive. 
There are a few things in life so beautiful they hurt: swimming in the ocean while it rains, reading alone in empty libraries, the sea of stars that appear when you’re miles away from the neon lights of the city, bars after 2am, walking in the wilderness, all the phases of the moon, the things we do not know about the universe… and you. 
Take me out tonight, because I want to see people and I want to see life. 
You are the universe, expressing itself as a human for a little while. 
You had to change to survive. 
You cannot use someone else's fire. You can only use your own. And in order to do that, you must first be willing to believe that you have it. 
Don't you ever get the feeling that all your life is going by and you are not taking advantage of it? 
There are different ways of loving, aren't there? 
You had to be that person to become this one. 
I laughed and said, ‘Life is easy.’ What I meant was, ‘Life is easy with you here, and when you leave, it will be hard again.’ 
I've never been very good at leaving things behind. I tried, but I have always left fragments of myself there too, like seeds awaiting their chance to grow. 
Stop shrinking to fit places you’ve outgrown. 
Don’t you ever give up hope. Not today. Not tomorrow. You were born with an infinite imagination. If one dream is shattered, pick up the pieces you can and create a new dream. Yes, reinventing yourself takes grit. But you’ve got that too. 
Breathe. This is just a chapter. Not the whole story. 
Do not run away from the heavy emotions. Honor the anger. Give pain the space it needs to breathe. This is how we let go. 
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. 
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. 
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. 
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. 
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched they must be felt with the heart. 
Do your little bit of good where you are; it’s those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. 
I think anything is possible if you have the mindset and the will and desire to do it and put the time in. 
It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams when they grow old. They grow old when they stop pursuing dreams. 
When you wake up every day, you have two choices. You can either be positive or negative; an optimist or a pessimist. I choose to be an optimist. It’s all a matter of perspective. 
No matter what you’re going through, there’s a light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you’ll find the positive side of things. 
I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents; we’re all teachers if we’re willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for some miracle to come knocking at our door. 
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. 
Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now, without delay. 
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. 
Work hard for what you want because it won’t come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive. 
The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do. 
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. 
Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there. 
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. 
I don’t believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. 
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. 
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. 
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. 
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. 
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. 
Real love doesn’t meet you at your best. It meets you in your mess. 
Progress. Just make progress. It’s okay to have setbacks and the need for do-overs. It’s okay to draw a line in the sand and start over again and again. Just make sure you’re moving the line forward. Move forward. Take baby steps… Then change will come. And it will be good. 
Never look at another person’s life and then think that you are not enough. You are more than enough for the right people. 
The life in front of you is way more important than the life behind you. 
Just because you’re struggling, doesn’t mean you’re failing. 
Not everyone you love will stay. Not everyone you trust will be loyal. Some people only exist as an example of what to avoid. 
Life is not about who you once were. It’s about who you are right now, and who you have the potential to become. 
So I close my eyes to old ends and open my heart to new beginnings. 
Nobody is worth losing yourself for. 
You’ll likely end up disappointed if you think people will care for you the way you care for them. Not everyone has your heart. 
And even if we never talk again, please remember that I’m forever changed by who you are and what you meant to me. 
Sometimes we need someone to simply be there. Not to fix anything, or to do anything in particular but just to let us feel that we are cared for and supported. 
Don’t grieve for what doesn’t come. Some things that don’t happen keep disasters from happening. 
Having a low opinion of yourself is not modesty. It’s self-destruction. 
I won’t let pain turn my heart into something ugly. I will show you that surprising can be beautiful. 
There is nothing in this world that can trouble you more than your own thoughts. 
Start now. Start where you are. Start with fear. Start with pain. Start with doubt. Start with hands shaking. Start with voice trembling but start. Start and don’t stop. Start where you are, with what you have. Just… start. 
Stop apologizing. You don’t have to say sorry for how you laugh, how you dress, how you make your hair, how you speak. You don’t have to be sorry for being yourself. Do it fearlessly. It’s time to accept this is you, and you gotta spend the rest of your life with you. So start loving your sarcasm, your awkwardness, your weirdness, your unique sense of humor, your everything. It will make your life so much easier to simply be yourself. 
She was never quite ready. But she was brave. And the universe listens to brave. 
Love yourself enough to take the actions required for your happiness … enough to cut yourself loose from the drama-filled past … enough to set a high standard for relationships …enough to feed your mind and body in a healthy manner … enough to forgive yourself … enough to move on. 
My biggest regrets in life are being too damn nice, apologizing when I didn’t do anything wrong, and making unworthy people a priority in my life. 
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. 
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives, and the dream shall never die. 
Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made. 
Try a little harder to be a little better. 
Maybe someday we will be two people meeting again for the first time. 
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive. 
Some steps need to be taken alone. It’s the only way to really figure out where you need to go and who you need to be. 
Don’t say maybe if you want to say no. 
I admire people who choose to smile after all the things they’ve been through. 
Long after you’ve forgotten someone’s voice, you can still remember the sound of their happiness or their sadness. You can feel it in your body. 
I can love only what I can place so high above me that I cannot reach it. 
Educate yourself. When a question about a certain topic pops up, google it. Watch movies and documentaries. When something sparks your interest, read about it. Read, read, read. Study, learn, stimulate your brain. Don’t just rely on the school system, educate that beautiful mind of yours. 
She couldn’t hold so much life, light and joy without also containing their opposites.
Some words stay in your head long after they're spoken.
You are going to live a good and long life filled with great and terrible moments that you cannot even begin to imagine yet.
Some words stay in your head long after they're spoken.
You are going to live a good and long life filled with great and terrible moments that you cannot even begin to imagine yet.